%Has a taste for elvish flesh, who deserted from a local army ~dragonborn @wizard%Shunned by his clan because of his penchant for what is essentially genetic engineering ~half-elf @druid%A noble born who is looking to expand her power by dominating the local trade routes (and possibly starting a cult). ~elf @bard%A special forces soldier for the crown, on assignment to investigate occult occurances in the nearby forest and mining town. ~human @ranger %A city-dwelling mercenary who learned everything she knows from her soldier brother. ~human @fighter%High magic encounters have side effects. The often-unpredictable consequences of higher-level spells like Wish can cause random shifts of things from one plane to another. Shifted as a baby, he was found by a family in the wastes left by a roving band of adventurers. They took him in and raised him, only to abandon him two years later at the very same site where they found him, leaving him with his first long term memory, that of his “parents” walking away from him as he cried. A group took him in just long enough to name him, but he found himself on his own once again within a year. He wandered into a nearby town, where family after family begrudgingly took him in for a time, only to eventually force him out again. A family finally took pity on the lonely 10-year old and took him in. He lived with them happily for nearly a year, before tragedy struck. He awoke late one night to find the entire town aflame. He tried to pull his family from their burning home, but only found their mangled bodies, crushed by burning wreckage as the home fell apart around them. Running outside, he saw survivors, trying to pull their own families out of their homes, get cut down by arrows. Makarth hid in the burning building, emerging the next day to find the ashes of the town. He fled the ruins of that town, and was taken in by several families, who once again, simply took him in out of guilt, or occasionally less benign motives, he bounced around through so many groups and families even he lost count. The memory of the one family who truly treated him as one of their own haunted him the whole time, and he never connected with even those families who attempted to treat him as a family member Somewhere along the line, he was taken in by a group of weaponsmiths, who promptly kicked him out when they realized that his rather slim build was not growing any, and deemed him useless. He did, however, learn many things about the building process of many weapons, and put this to work when, at the age of 15, he gave up on trying to find a home, and began to venture on his own. At the age of 18, he constructed his first pistol, a shoddy, poorly built weapon that exploded the third time he tried to fire it.  Over the years, his technique improved, and he managed to build a pistol that rarely misfired, and another weapon, a scattergun, which was less reliable, but far more effective. His distaste for the other creatures of this plane has not diminished significantly, and he prefers to travel alone, though he’s willing to work with others when he thinks it will benefit him. He refuses to let anyone else touch his firearms, even those very few he has become friendly with, out of concern, either for his weapons’ safety or for their wielder’s. He has long since given up any hope that he might find a family, and isn’t sure he wants one, as the only true family he’s ever known met their bitter end despite his best efforts. He’s just looking to survive on this plane, and if he has to kill a few people to do it, well, that’s just fine by him. ~human @fighter%Nok Flameborn Kagalano was the first of his tribe born free from the oppression of the red dragon Vaznerakoth. The dragon had enslaved the tribe for as long as even the elders could remember, until a fateful meteor came streaking down and slew him atop the mountain he had claimed. A fire shall forever burn where Vaz's body lies as if the flame were the tombstone of this once great being.After that, Nok's tribe began to pseudo worship the rock. They emulated its fall from the heavens with their combat technique, and even developed skills to harness the flame that had touched them all.Though they were free, the tribe was not destined to survive. The dragon had left them with too few numbers to repopulate. As Nok laid the last elder to rest, he began a quest to search for another tribe, and to liberate all who were held captive by any and all draconic rulers. ~human @barbarian%In his youth, Josiah was a medic for the military in a distant kingdom that was engaged in a drawn out conflict with another kingdom, but he never saw the frontline or any battles. His duty was to help with the clerics in preparing non magical potions for light injuries in order that those with more magic than him could focus on the more serious injuries. After several years of seeing the wounded of what he considered a pointless, if not endless, war, he finally decided to abandon his post.He traveled the expansive plains, mountains, and endless forests, surviving on the supplies he stole before he left and some food that he was able to forage along the way. After many months without seeing another soul, a fierce winter storm forced him to take shelter in a cave that he found. Severely exhausted from his wanderings in the storm, Josiah was barely able to unroll his bedroll before he passed out.The next morning he awoke to see that the snowstorm had blocked the entrance to the cave. After his initial panic of being snowed in, he noticed that he could still see despite the lack of a fire. From deeper in the cave, strange wavering light and unnatural warmth emanated. With great reluctance, Josiah packed up his bedding and took up his sword and set off to find the source of this anomaly.After about an hour of cautious walking, the light grown bright enough to see clearly and the warmth had become a quite noticeable heat since Josiah had worked up a sweat. After one last bend, the light had grown almost blinding, but before Josiah was an unwavering black shadow. The impossible shadow stretched from wall to wall and from ground to ceiling of the cave. There was no way to see beyond it, and yet this blackness was the source of the light.Josiah stood in awe of this manifestation, the sword loose in his untrained hand. Waves of heat washed over him for what seemed like hours before he regained his senses. Tentatively he reached out with the broadsword to touch try to touch the shadow. The blade passed through the darkness without incident, so emboldened by this, Josiah stepped into the shadow, only to be enveloped by the black.Instantly, a searing pain erupted from all over his body as though he had just walked through fire. Falling to his knees, he tried to breathe, but every ragged gasp only brought greater burning to his mouth and lungs. Dropping his sword, he doubled over in pain. He knew that this would be the place of his death. Looking up one final time, he saw before him a vast wasteland under the darkened sky of an eclipse, but then he was taken again by the pain. His screams only added to those of the other souls trapped here in this hell.In the distance a lone figure that stands out against the demonic background moved slowly towards Josiah’s body.Josiah awoke to the sun’s bright light shining into his eyes. Sitting up in a fright, he felt a horrible pain in his left shoulder. Looking at it, he saw that a pale blue ribbon had been wound around his shoulder like a bandage which he quickly unwound to find a nasty, red symbol branded into his skin. After rewrapping the ribbon, he realized not only that he was back in his bedroll in the mouth of the cave from the night before, but also that he could hear the songs of robins from the trees outside.Confused, now more than ever, he hesitantly packed up his belongings. When Josiah went to grab his sword, he saw that it was gone, but had been replaced by a yew branch that had been fashioned into a quarterstaff. On the top of this staff, a different symbol had been carved a perfect circle containing a curved line and an upturned crescent. Next to the staff, four flasks stood with matching symbols marked on their stoppers. Taking the flasks and the staff, Josiah ventured cautiously out into the spring day to continue his travels which would eventually lead him to the Stolen Lands.Each night before he went to sleep, he instinctively knew to take a sip of the potion contained in the flasks. Just as he arrived in Oleg’s trading post, he ran out of the potion, but strangely enough, he realized he knew how to brew another batch. ~human @warlock%His parents died of a fever when he was 11, leaving him to live in the streets of Waterdeep on his own. A local gang took over his parents house forcing him out on the street. He managed to survive by picking pockets and stealing from local vendors. Eventually broke into the hovel of Draeken Malios, a once famous actor/bard/adventurer in a well known theater troupe who was now slowly drinking himself to death. Seeing potential in the boy, Draeken made a deal; he would teach the boy everything he knew; how to read, use a sword, play an instrument, and use costumes and misdirection in exchange for keeping him in the drink.The arrangement suited Shifty, who would spend the morning "working" out on the streets, and return to the hovel in the afternoon for his lessons. This went on for five years, until one day Shifty returned to Draeken only to find him beaten to death and the hovel turned out. Some street thugs had heard who Draeken was and thought that he must have some valuables lying around so they broke into the place and worked him over pretty good trying to find out where he was hiding it. They didn't find anything, and Draeken didn't survive.Shifty spent the next week hunting the thugs down and murdered each one. The first was killed when he pushed him off of the docks with an anchor tied around his foot. The second was dragged along the cobblestone streets of the city behind a horse drawn carriage. The last one, the ring leader was killed when he tried to flee the city. Shifty tracked him down, overpowered him, and then dropped him down the entrance of a shaft leading into the ruins of Undermountain with just a torch. He didn't last long, because Shifty could hear his screams after a few minutes, and the sounds of whatever monsters live down there gorging themselves on his flesh.At the ripe age of 18, Shifty left Waterdeep to seek his fortune. Since then he has run afoul of almost every criminal organization on the Sword Coast, and prides himself on being Faerun's only "professional nuisance". ~human @rogue%Raf was a slave whose mother was killed pretty brutally by a foreman named Gaffon, who worked for the slaver Irikat near Tyr. Upon being sold to another slaver for work in the fighting pits, Raf's caravan was attacked by raiders. Raf killed Gaffon's son Jadik and fled into the desert, where he lived for many years as a nomad. He has since heard of Tyr's emancipation, and thinks that it might be a good time to come back to Tyr to find Gaffon and Irikat for some "fun." At the very least, it might be a good source of coin. ~half-orc @barbarian%he sings, plays lute and thin whistle, some of his teachers said he'd become the next headmaster of the bardic college. Then the black shakes swept over his beloved city of Cilorealon, wiping out more than half the population. Priests, mages, sages, herbalists, alchemists, they were all unable to find a cure. When he became ill, he thought he was done for. But then, miracle. He became better where so many had died without rhyme or reason, it must have been divine intervention. The others sent him off to find the cure at the massive mages college of the humans to the south. ~elf @bard%Studying up in his tower just outside the small town where he grew up in. One day he is studying a transformation spell that would allow him to change into anyone that he so chooses at will. Through a mistake of his own he miscasts the spell so that, even though he is given the ability to transform at will, it also transformed the town below into a hoard of horribly disfigured beasts, and removed his ability to speak. The king sent his troops to deal with the beasts, killing everyone Tom ever cared about. For his misdeeds, Tom was cast out of the kingdom and forced into a life as a nomad. Soon he met up with his current adventuring group to kill an adolescent dragon. ~tiefling @sorcerer%My mother had left the village on a journey. The journey was only temporary, and she would soon return. However, while in a great human city, she was attacked and raped. Soon after, she discovered she was pregnant, and returned earlyHer child was born, not to the resentment or despair, but with pity. They felt bad for me, as I had no choice to be a 'lesser breed', nor did my mother choose me to be. The others always encourage their children to play nice, and invite me to join them, which they did. But I was always more tolerated or accepted than wantedIn an attempt to become one of them, I turned to magic, practicing and perfecting small prestidigitation and tricks to amuse, so I could feel valuable and wanted. I grew up that way, always trying to be the class clown and fit in. Interestingly, my development closely mirrored that of normals. I reached adulthood only a few years before my friends.I thought I would be happy there. But, soon after we were considered adults, my best friend and childhood crush got engaged. Soon after their wedding, I decided there was nothing left for me in the village, and left for human lands. My bringing up stuck with me: Always trying to be nice, and helpful, and funny. Always doing whatever I can to be valuable and wanted. ~half-elf @wizard%Horward Trakas grew up in a small village on the outskirts of Yartar. His father was the local grocery store owner and wanted nothing else but for his only son to take over the family business. Horward was just not meant to be a store owner; he loved the thrill of the stage and the love and attention of admiring fans. To his father’s dismay, he did whatever he could to seek the attention those around him with sweet performances.He started with simple magic tricks and illusionary spells out of old library books but he felt flashy visual displays were not enough to captivate his audience. Something else was needed to stand out from the far more capable sorcerers, so he learned to play music and became quite the local sensation. Combining simple magical displays and music was nothing new but there was something about the way Horward held himself that made people flock from neighboring cities to see what all the buzz about a new celebrity was about. His good looks and killer smile helped boost his amateur performing skills and he became immensely popular especially with the ladies. All of the celebrity and sexual attention got to his head and he became more focused on his sensual after show encounters than the performances themselves.At around this time, several of his… admirers… began showing the first signs of pregnancy. Horward began having back alley encounters with angry fathers, mothers, and of course, former partners. Additionally, He was completely unprepared for fatherhood. He had to escape. After searching for locations wherein to further his goals as well has increase his vast hoard of bardic knowledge, he decided upon the College of New Olamn, in a villa above the sea near Waterdeep. He acquiesced to the Colleges proffered goals, but often crept out during the night to perform under cover in the local taverns, bringing the occasional partner up to a room in an inn for the night. After years of study, sex, and performances, his name became well-known in Waterdeep, and he decided to trek back north, eventually ending up in Red Larch, just a few days journey from Yartar. ~half-elf @bard%I used to be a carpenter in Sundabar. I hear some people say they think Sundabar's too cold an' stony an' all, an' maybe that's true, but I love the city anyhow. Ahh, what a great city that was, full o' great people an' pubs an' all... only we were too poor, see. Me an' me mates, we could barely afford a drink after a hard day's work, let alone feed a family. I mean I don't have no family, but a lotta my mates do, see, an' one day we were all in a pub an' talkin' 'bout how bad we had it an' all, an' someone  I think it was ol' Karl  anyhow he said that we were all so poor on account of the merchants had all o' the money. See in Sundabar we get a lotta our food 'n' goods 'n' stuff from tradin' an' all, an' everythin' goin' in an' outta Sundabar goes through them merchants, and Karl said that they're usin' their control over trade to take all o' our money an' stuff, an' to control the, um, the whatchamacallit, oh  the means o' production, that's what ol' Karl called it. An' he said we'd be better off if we  that is, all the common folk like you an' me  if we took control o' the means o' production, an' if erryone owned the means o' production, not just some dumb ol' merchants, an' he said that if erryone only did whatever work they could an' only took what they needed there'd be more 'an enough for erryone, an' that someone oughtta do somethin' 'bout all this, an' I'd had a bit to drink by then so I stood up, an'  well, you know how it goes, next thing I knew I was leadin' strikes an' protests an' all, only o' course ol' Helm  that is, the Rulin' Master o' Sundabar, guy in charge o' the city an' whatnot  well, he didn't like all this o' course, so he sent his whole gang o' mercenaries after me, an', well... that's how I ended up here, I guess... Hey, ya think you could help me out? I figure if I can get a lotta people to help me, an' money an' all, I can go back home to Sundabar an' maybe get rid o' Helm an' the merchants an' help my mates out, an' maybe then all my mates won't be starvin' all the time, an' nobody in Sundabar will be poor an' they'll all be happier an' all  so whaddaya say? ~human @barbarian%Grim Wan has been training in martial arts since the ripe young age of 4. Ever since he can remember, he has been living at the top of a mountain, in a temple in Mulhorand. This life was everything he wanted: rigorous training, yet peaceful. Most importantly, living in isolation, far from all those cities filled with strangers, Grim never had to interact with people. Other than the few who lived in his monastery, there was nothing he hated more than the idea of meeting new people and having to make conversation.Life was going well until a large monk tournament occurred which involved many monasteries from the Eastern Faerun region. Grim’s temple was of the chosen to participate. When all the members arrived, he saw more people than he had ever seen. 10s, no 100s of people! It was awful. It was overwhelming. He was inundated with acolytes and monks. Grim soon realized his greatest fear. An owlbear? Hell no. A necromancer lich? Yeah right. No, this was worse than all of those things put together. Small talk. He was forced to talk to every single person he saw, always asking the same questions, getting the same answers he didn’t care about. This was too much for him. So two days before the tournament started, he packed up his stuff and ran away.Grim ended up living in the forest on own his for about 10 years after that. His perfect life was back to normal. He spent all his time training, contemplating life, and most importantly, being alone. But history has a nasty knack for repeating itself, and one day an injured traveller washed up on his doorstep. Grim was forced to take him in and care for his wounds, but yet again, they ended up talking about stupid things that didn’t matter. Do you care about the amount of butter Grim likes on his toast? What about the plague spreading around the land killing millions of people? Yeah, neither does Grim. So he ditched his home, and set off one last time to find a place of serenity, where he could always be alone. That is when he met our party, and his life plans once again, went to shit. ~human @monk%After an encounter with a dark panther in the middle of the woods as a child, Kavalor realized that he was a Sorcerer with the ability to perform wild magic. For years after he lived in his small town going about his life as best he could, but always trying to find a way to help out his town with his unique abilities.Until one day, a day that he refuses to speak of, for as he tried to help with the construction of a new house in the town, he accidentally produced a fireball that not only destroyed the house, but also everyone working on in and in the surrounding areas, including his mother and father. ‘Luckily’, a fallen section of roof protected Kavalor from the worst of the heat, but after his wounds had healed and he was able to walk again, he left town, unable to face his old friends with what he’d done.And so, Kavalor Brimsdune wanders from town, to city, trying to find a way to repent for all the deaths he caused. From time to time he may use his magic, but because of the deaths and memories it is associated with, he feels very guilty and apprehensive when he does. All he wants to do is help people, and make a name for himself of which he can be proud. ~half elf @sorcerer%a deeply religious born in a pleasant shire that was destroyed in the crossfire of a pointless war who was con’d into a contact with a ruthless gang in the industrial city of Waterdeep at the age of 11 who would now rather kill you than make eye contact and is kinda in way too deep with the wrong sort of people. ~halfling @rogue%Erdan was born to a wealthy family in the forests of Evermeet.  His parents were art dealers, and his older sister, Lia, was an aspiring magician.  Because of his background, he had practically everything he needed at home: an education, places to play, and anything else the servants could provide.  Thus, he never really had a need or desire for friends, besides his family and servants at home.One day, while practicing her magic, Lia suffered a terrible accident which gravely injured her.  Seeing his beloved sister hurt like this, Erdan was distraught and desperate to find someone who could heal her.  Most doctors were unfamiliar with the particular injuries she sustained, so there was nothing they could do to help.  On the verge of losing hope, Erdan happened to come across Aelar Naïlo, a traveling cleric of Angharradh, the Elven goddess of wisdom and protection.  He brought Aelar before his ailing sister, asking if there was anything he could do for her.  Fortunately, Aelar knew the advanced healing techniques needed to treat Lia, so he successfully healed her.  Amazed and overjoyed by the kindness and ability of the cleric, Erdan decided he would like to become Aelar’s disciple, in order to learn how to heal others.Erdan trained with Aelar for the next 50 years.  He mastered the basics of healing quickly, and before long he was familiar with some of the more advanced techniques.  He became a devout follower of Angharradh and began a life of wandering and helping those in need.  However, given his isolated upbringing and even more isolated training, Erdan never really learned how to interact with people well.  He always meant well and truly desired to help others, but he often got into nearly violent disagreements with people and frequently came across as a jerk.  He’s been trying to get better at talking to people, but he still has a long way to go. ~elf @cleric%She was born in the beautifully multi ethnic utopian city of Silverymoon, where she spent her childhood as an obsessively perfectionistic overachiever clinging to the rules with a desperation that bordered on insanity in an attempt to suppress her burning desire for something more, the futility of which was revealed when the misplacement of a single shoe led to a breakdown as she questioned the ultimate supremacy of order for the first time in her rigid life, whereupon she abandoned family and friends and fled to the mountains to find that living in the wild with animals made her happier than she had ever been before; eventually, she renounced her vow to never interact with any member of a sapient species again after discovering a shiny necklace on a corpse floating down the river and falling in love with man-made shiny things, and now, believing that she has attained Enlightenment, she travels a relatively small fraction of the world looking for more shiny things, novel experiences, and opportunities to refine her belief system ~gnome @druid%He was a barber in the city of Northwatch, practicing his quiet trade in his quiet quarters. He had noticed that there were more drug-addled citizens in gutters than usual, but that wasn't his business. He was a respectable man and didn't stoop to speculating on other people's activities.However, a masked figure with bardic abilities arrived at his shop with a few followers. This figure showed Luke the nature of the drug called Heart’s Blood, or less fancifully Dregs. It was essentially the toxic byproduct of a potion-brewing process that had a hard addictive property and a physically devastating effect on its users. Enraged, Luke agreed to house the group in secret until they were able to cut off the supply of this drug.While the group stayed above the barbershop, their leader taught Luke the beginnings of bardic magic, something for which it turns out he had a bit of talent.Eventually, the group discovered that Cardinal Bratton, of the Church of Crown Glory, was responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Dregs in this area of the country. They proposed to make a move against him, but one of their members was caught before they could put their plan into motion.The town guard were coming for Luke as well as the others, and the masked man said that it would not be right to abandon their host in this way. He gave Luke a scroll of Greater Invisibility to get him safely out of town, then fled himself.Luke, though quiet, was a man of great conviction. He snuck through the streets he knew so well, then used the scroll just outside the cardinal’s estate. He used this magical concealment to get inside the cardinal’s room and bring the man to a just end: Luke’s razor. Taking the cardinal’s hat as a trophy, Luke escaped into the night and ran from the city.Since then, Luke has kept running. He has grown a goatee and wears the former cardinal’s hat (modified quite a bit) to cover his thinning hair. He is now Lucius, a dexterous entertainer and daring strategist. He isn’t strong, but he is fast and smart and when the occasion arises brutal. ~human @bard%raised by dwarves who thinks he is just a "Tall Dwarf" and refuses to believe otherwise, he is also ashamed he can't grow a beard like his dad. ~half-orc @barbarian%Turns out that he is in fact, adopted. But it gets weirder. To do a very very quick summary of our plot, we spent a good portion of the campaign looking for the Ascendants, the most powerful mages of the past that we locked up to be used as superweapons. In one town, we're going through customs and my Bard introduces himself as a Halfling. The guards start yelling at him and he's almost in tears because no one believes that he's a Halfling. Finally, they get someone to do a magical blood test. The results? Halfling.Our group went wild when that was revealed. Shortly after, we find the next Ascendant, a human mage that looks almost exactly like my character. It turns out that he married a Halfling woman and they conceived a child through magical means 1000 years ago, and when they other mages came to lock him up, he flung my Bard and his mother into the future to protect them. ~halfling @bard%he grew up as a blacksmiths apprentice in a small town, however at night he started getting harassed by some Drow who wanted him to make weapons for them for free or else they'll burn the shop down, so he packed some stuff up including a maul and chainmail he made and ran from the town. He doesn't know why they want weapons, came to him or can't make them themselves. ~half-orc @fighter%thought he was a lawyer. He had memorized volumes and volumes of legal proceedings and would quote them as he fought. It seemed reasonable for the skeleton to unmake itself when he advised it that unlicensed exhuming of humanoid remains was a felony (Vicious Mockery). Highwaymen would drop their weapons and surrender themselves to the nearest officer of the law (Suggestion). This was just the power of the law, not anything magical. His "instrument" was a enormous book of case law and he used a gavel as a weapon. ~human @bard%Relations between the Republic and the Ivenull Diarchy are very tense, therefore villages like the one Moriana grew up in house quite a few militiamen. One such a militiaman was her father, he always believed an invasion was imminent and prepared himself and his daughter accordingly. He dreamed of defending his family and his country, but the attack never came. Then one day he fell down a flight of stairs and died without ever having seen battle. Now Moriana travels across the continent in search of a battlefield to scatter her father's ash on, so that he can rest easy in the afterlife. But it's sadly not so simple, because Moriana has trouble finding a battlefield she deems worthy of her father. ~tiefling @fighter%he'd fallen so far in grief over the death of his human teacher and best friend that he secreted away an artifact that promised it would be able to bring the dead friend back. Elden followed the shadowy, black crystal's instructions, but the instructions were so layered with redundancies and dead ends that the artifact won the battle of minds, completing its purpose. As a 'gift', Shar, the creator of the artifact, put a shadow in Elden's mind so that he would not remember what he did. Shar, being the BBEG, didn't take kindly when Elden joined a party who specifically wanted to kill Shar, and slowly eroded the shadow so that he would be driven to insanity and grief when he realized that he singlehandedly killed every person he ever knew. ~gnome @wizard%He was kicked out of his hold for building elaborate traps and then constantly forgetting where he built them. When he is adventuring, he is always up in front on the look out for any traps and when he does find one, he spends more time admiring the craftsmanship/or complaining about the lack thereof than actually disarming it. ~dwarf @rogue%A 7 and a half foot tall half orc, a brewer in a former life. He was captured by cultists whilst out picking ingredients for his latest brew and had his very memories plucked from his mind.The cultists kept him locked up and would use mind control magics on him whenever they needed defending or menial tasks done, he knew he was due a task whenever he heard someone say "ah just get 'im to do it instead". Locked in his cell for 5 years, he only ever managed to regain his memories of being a master brewer and nothing more.When ever possible he would steal books and scrolls from the cultists when being lead back to his cell, just to keep his mind sharp. Applying his ample intelligence, he used the pilfered reading materials to slowly teach himself the ways of magic as the years passed. Starting with whisps of smoke working up to actual spell casting with day after day of study alone in his dark dungeon (thank fuck for dark vision and inattentive cultists!)He was eventually freed when a party of adventurers attacked the cultists by surprise, killing most of them in their sleep, the rest fleeing. The adventurers set him free after taking pity on the tormented soul. When they asked his name he simply replied: "They called me 'Im" Finally tasting freedom, he now roams from town to town in the hope that someone will recognize him but to no avail so far. He still seeks the remaining cultists and intends to finish what the adventurers started.He passes the time on his travels picking new ingredients to add to one of the 6 small brew barrels he carries on his belt, a new ale always being perfected or tweaked. ~half-orc @rogue%Craig was once the greatest lawyer on the material plans. He defended genocidal kings and regicidal rebels alike. He was torn into a portal of the abyssal realm by a demon who wanted him to defend him in the demonic equivalent of a parking ticket. Perhaps as a result of his patronage he ended up disbarred in the mortal realm and now is a lawyer for his Patron on retainer. He makes ends meet as an adventurer sending money to his wife and child. ~human @warlock%the runt of the clutch of eggs. His name was Matchstick George. He added the "George" later to be more relatable. His parents were worried about his lack of ambition in life and suggested a demon-pact. ~dragonborn @warlock%In his past he was a member of the military, a first lieutenant with command of his own platoon. In a very bad, no good deal with Pazuzu, the demon prince was promised his soul as well as those of his men. The platoon was wiped out but the character remains and now Pazuzu is after what he is owed. Roy scalps anyone he kills, as a symbolic offering to their lives to Pazuzu, but that won't get him out of the deal. ~human @fighter%Kermit Leroy Grenouille was born to a poor swamp family. He spent most of his childhood and adolescence alone out on the bayou, keeping a watchful eye over the family's only real possessions, their herd of giant, semi-domesticated frogs.Bereft of most other company or education, he learned to use a long spear to defend the herd from predators with quick, flickering strikes, much like the frog's tongue, and to hop unpredictably from place to place just as his charges did. He is excellent at jumping and swimming.Unfortunately, as the nearby cities expanded the swamps were drained to build shopping malls and tract housing. For the moment he lives in a trailer with his mother and his only surviving half brother. He drinks too much and intersperses mercenary work with stints as a bouncer at the local tavern to get by. He has a near indecipherable cajun accent and a large frog tattooed on his left bicep.He'll take basically any excuse to get back out into the wilderness, regardless of the job - he's pretty poor at estimating risk, without much concept of serious danger to himself, and doesn't have much of a moral compass. Likes explosions. ~human @fighter%had a career teaching elf-literature and history in a prestigious elven private school for a large salary; catch is his degree was fake and he made up everything he taught. Naturally he had to get exposed to join the party, but it's still funny. ~half-elf @rogue%Tarmasis, didn't know his parents, he was abandoned at birth, thrown in to the Underchasm. Somehow he survived the perilous terrain with no memories before the age of six, when he left his unforgiving nightmare of a dark and twisted home.From what he can recall, his childhood was spent secluded in the plaguelands, hiding from hideous mutated creatures and forgotten pilgrims, occasionally finding the comfort of food and drink in the small city of Ormpetarr.The years melted away as they grew in power with his dedication to survive the horrid lands; all that were familiar to him. This natural tenant to explore places unfit for most people, lead him deep in to a soft glowing cave of blue light. Before him, illuminated by cerulean glow, yet hidden in shadow, an entity of unimaginable horror. Paralyzed by fear, he stared down the demon, the unknown depths of his mind tapping in to insanity with every lingering second...until darkness.Tarmasis opened his eyes. Thundering flames soured past his vision, malevolent winged beings flocked over sharp red peaks on the horizon. He saw a landscape before him, as though he was flying. His vision near-impossible to focus on as his senses overcame with the horrid form of shrieking babble in his ears, impossible to comprehend. Deeper within the screams the sound of heavy chains chuckled like a torrent of rain upon his skull.What felt like mere moments passed as he awoke once again in the cave, still touched upon by blue light, yet no sign of the demon. Only cold lonely stone walls remained. His head pounding with memories of his recent travels beyond. He held thoughts that were not his own, memories of countless lifetimes, thousands of voices from the past, now living inside of him. His eyes now shone a blue flame with a freshly cut spiraled scar upon his forehead.Many years passed, with greater understanding of his visions. The ramblings clearer in translation, commanding him to retrieve lost relics and shrines to the Chained God, in aim to free him from his shackles.Tarmasis can now be found lurking the most forgotten temples with his ever growing disciples, in aim to tear the very threads of existence asunder. ~dragonborn @warlock%In his earlier years of life, Taonos was infatuated by the idea of becoming a powerful wizard. His life in the city was fairly easy-going, although not luxurious. His father, Albin Greywind, ran a moderately successful carpentry business in the city. Taonos and his younger brother Corthas always got along, running around the city with their other friends, enjoying life. At the age of 16, Taonos was accepted into the college of magic in the city where he lived. The Arch Mage of the college, Grenendale, took a personal interest in him, believing him to be able to become his successor one day.After about half a decade of learning the basics of wizardry and magic, Grenendale invited Taonos along on an expedition into an ancient temple that had recently been uncovered. The architecture of the temple was unique and who made it was unknown, but Grenendale had been doing research on an ancient civilization that he suspected once ruled in this region. The expedition revealed little about the ancient civilization, aside from an ancient tome bearing a mark that resembles a bone like claw with three talons. Grenendale was secretive about the book, revealing almost no information about it to Taonos. For many more years, Taonos continued to learn under his master, becoming more and more proficient in the ways of magic. But, as the years passed, Grenendale became erratic and started to descend into madness.One day, Taonos entered his master's office to check in on him, but found him hunched over the book with a crazed look on his face. Taonos tried to help his master, but Grenendale attacked him. After a short fight, Taonos had no choice but to vitally injure his master. As Grenendale was nearing death, he had a moment of clarity, grabbing Taonos and speaking only two words, "stop him". He then handed Taonos the tome and died. Taonos ran from the city, afraid that he was to be blamed for his master's murder. Taonos now travels the land, searching for answers about what happened to his master.The book that Taonos bears calls to him in his mind, urging him to open it. Taonos has resisted thus far, but curiosity is starting to get the better of him ~human @wizard%Kuligall was born into a nomadic clan that traveled the wilds of the north. From a young age, he always had an affinity with nature in general, and animals more specifically. The clans' resident druid took him under her wing after she found him talking with animals, and started teaching him what she knew.But this life could not last for long.A group of cultists that worshiped a primordial evil had poisoned the local water supply, causing all of the clan members to fall into an enchanted sleep... All that is, except for the druid and her apprentice, since they had some resistance to the posion.The cultists came into the camp, gathering everyone they could find into a ritual circle that they carved out, and then they started chanting. A dark portal opened overhead as the druids watched, helpless to do a thing since the poison had the side effect of blocking off the flow of all magic. Tendrils of dark energies flowed out from the portal, tethering to all present, orc and cultist alike, with a larger tendril being attached to the young Kuligall.As the life could be seen being drained from all present, The young could hear a deep, resonant voice echoing inside of his mind, telling him how it was going to take control of his body and bring a reign of terror down on the world like it had never known before.At this moment, something snapped inside of the youngling, and he ripped the tendril asunder, not noticing as some squirmed into his forehead. All of this left him alone with his dead clansmen and enemies.He did not know, though, that the snapped tendril had left a portion of the old one in his mind, just waiting for the time that it could take over and be free...Since then, he has traveled south from the frozen northlands that stretch further than the  furthest dale's, and has recently heard of a clan of goblins that have been ambushing people near Neverwinter, and has decided that he shall pay this clan a 'visit'... ~half-orc @druid%he is a traveling magician, except he actually uses magic sometimes. He also has a top hat. ~halfling @wizard%I was the right hand man of Aerael de Lacosta, leader of the Rising Suns, as we battled against the tyrannical reign of Emperor Bulgariss for the Kingdom of Trussika. During a particularly difficult campaign I, along with a dozen villagers of Greenhope I was helping to escape, was ambushed by a force of fifty imperial soldiers.Carrying little but a simple shield and my grandfather’s rapier, I stood against them, holding them off for as long as I could. I cut down nearly two dozen of them, but had significant wounds for my troubles. I expected that this would be the end for me.As I was run through by what I had assumed was a fatal blow, a beam of pure sunlight blazed down from the sky. Through the  piercing glare of this blinding light, as I was enveloped into it, I saw the face of an angel of the goddess of purity. She told me that my time was not yet, and that there was work yet to do. She gave me only a single admonition to persevere.Thus restored, I found my wounds healed, and my mind clear as I returned to myself, with a circle of scorched earth surrounding my feet. The soldiers, astonished at the sudden display of godly power, had stepped back, yet still had their weapons at the ready. I watched in fascination as, at my very will, my grandfather’s sword enveloped in radiant fire, white tongues of flame licking up the blade with a piercing glow. The blade had been transformed into that blade of legend, the Radiant Ambulai.The soldiers steeled themselves, but I could see the fear in their eyes, battling with their unjust orders to take the village. With a sudden smile on my face, I taunted them with brazen confidence - “Come on.” ~human @paladin%Petrichor, previously known by a different name, grew up in a large city under a powerful and wealthy family. He trained to be a wizard in his young years, excelling in potential even beyond his tutors, though this potential squandered through his fascination with a unknown entity that haunted his dreams.This mysterious force became an obsession to him; it spoke whispers that had no face, it showed him horrific images that held no meaning.In fascinated fear he ran from his city, his family and even his name; he became poor and unknown. In time, Petrichor was born from the ashes of his past, the dreams still as vivid as his youth yet their mysteries still withheld from him.If there was one thing his lifetime of exiled searching brought him, it was the knowledge that the deeper he delved in to his alien nightmares the more powerful he became. ~dragonborn @warlock%Azalea was trained in the art of assassination and spying from a young age, being sent to take out rival Dark elves and upstart duergar clan heads. In the process of these missions, she discovered a secret passage that led straight to the surface. She followed it up to the top, and there saw the surface world or the first time.She found the grand expanse of sky to be exhillirating, and the trees were all new to her, as she wandered through the forest glade she had surfaced in. Reluctantly, she headed back into the deeps, promising to find that tunnel again. Several years later, when she was 17, she told her mother about the tunnel, which was when her mother revealed a shocking truth- She was not pure drow. Her father had been a slave that House Do'Urden had captured on a surface raid, and whom Chandra had fallen in love with.Pulling out a small set of gear, Azalea's mother handed it over, along with a set of directions that would lead her daughter to a place of training. And, in doing so, Chandra gave her blessing for her daughter to leave for the surface, knowing full and well that it may cost them both their lives.Azalea left, and quickly found herself at the tunnel. Once she exited, she breathed a breath of fresh air, only to discover that a band of orcs and goblins had taken over the glade. Quickly putting them to rest, The young rouge left, following the very same path her cousin before her had. Within a year, she had found the place of safety and training her father had mentioned, and now, 11 years later, she has set out for her first mission for a group know as The Harpers, headed for parts unknown! ~half-elf @rogue%`NüUg was enslaved and forced to compete in a couple of death matches for the entertainment of Many-Arrows Orc tribes (as well as eat their terrible food). Though small, NüUg's scrappy fighting style kept him alive long enough for him to prove his true value outside the pits: cooking up many a fallen beast as tasty alternatives to eating ‘Dwarf'. ~dwarf @rogue%Found as a newborn near the foot of the nearby mountains by the human inhabitants of Hawk's Reach village (named for the red-wing hawks found in abundance in the surrounding area), Kriv grew up not knowing his family or his people. Due to the secluded locale of Hawk's Reach, Kriv is the lone Dragonborn anyone had seen in the area for decades. Nevertheless, the villagers decided to help him, and he was adopted and raised by the kindly schoolmaster Tav Windson and his wife Kera, even taking Tav's family name.Owing his life to those who saved him, Kriv did everything he could to help out the village. From doing simple repairs to using his size and strength to protect against bandit raids, he became something of a jack-of-all-trades, and was well-liked in the community. Due to his upbringing with the schoolmaster, Kriv became well-educated, with an insatiable curiosity for the world around him and a love of exploration. Being so different from the other inhabitants, he also developed deep empathy for the outcast and downtrodden. Generally good-natured, with an endearing affability, he sometimes felt an overpowering loneliness, often roaming the countryside surrounding the village for hours, pondering his solitude among humans.Kriv's innate magical abilities developed at an early age, and Tav encouraged their growth, as a way for Kriv to feel connected to his heritage. Aware how dangerous untrained magic can be, when Kriv was 5, Tav took him to meet the wizard Cailan Frostraven, who lives alone in a tower in the nearby mountains. Cailan, an eccentric hermit who cares more for his tomes than people, was nevertheless intrigued by the young Dragonborn, and agreed to mentor him, teaching him a handful of useful spells. Cailan believes that Kriv's abilities are tied to a medallion found with him as a baby, a crystal star embedded in a silver disc, with strange runes around the edge. In addition to helping hone his magical abilities, Cailan helped Kriv learn more about the Dragonborn race, though he doesn't have the foggiest notion how Kriv came to Hawk's Reach.As he grew older, Kriv's desire to see the world and seek out his people became overwhelming. When he turned 16, he decided once and for all to leave Hawk's Edge and strike out on his own. The villagers were sad to see him leave, but understood his need to find his family.Now 26, Kriv has spent the last ten years traveling the world. He tries to help those in need, and deals sternly (but fairly) with those who would harm others. He is not overly fond of physical combat, being more scrappy than skilled, and instead relies on his intelligence and magical abilities. He often prefers his solitude, especially during those bouts of loneliness that have followed him since he was a child, and he has never really felt at home anywhere. Preferring the open country to crowded cities, he is nevertheless adaptable to what is required in a given situation. Kriv has encountered other Dragonborn, who pityingly call him "Clanless Kriv" due to his upbringing among humans. He has inquired about his past every chance he gets, but none of the Dragonborn he has met have recognized the medallion he carries. Still, he doesn't obsess over the mystery, believing fate will unfold as it will, and he never loses hope that he will one day find the answers he seeks. Instead, a curiosity of the world and a desire to learn drives him forward. ~dragonborn @sorcerer%Armina is lawful good, and she is just as proficient with her melee attacks as she is with the magic that her faith gives her. Her father a soldier, her mother a cleric. ~half-elf @paladin%At an early age, Arron's father was murdered by a local noble. Arron then devoted himself to getting revenge for his father's death. He spent is life trying to become the best sword fighter in the world, and when he finally though himself good enough, went to find the local lord. He found the lord's castle but arrived on the very day of his funeral. The lord had died the day prior. Arron fell into extreme grief that he could not get revenge himself. Finally, he resolved to continue his training as a swordsman and to wander around in search of a necromancer who could resurrect the noble so that Arron could duel him and kill him again. He also tries to find a ton of diamonds so that the necromancer can actually carry out the spell. ~human @fighter%master chef for a noble. But he always loved music and magic. Feeling a strong connection to all three. Not wanting to leave his kitchen, but longing to pursue music. ~half-orc @bard%He was raised by the human side of his family with his father in a small town near a stream. He heard of a large spider who terrorized his town in the night and went to investigate one night. He approached the spider while it was asleep and swiftly cut its legs off. The next morning he showed the towns people and they treated him as a town hero and told him to go out and find adventure. He moved from tavern to tavern playing songs looking for gold. One day he met another hero whos soul had been taken by a trickster god and had to get another gods blessing to get it back. They adventured together for a little while and eventually found a god. He granted the other adventuer his soul. He told me I could have anything I want so I chose the ability to switch between Half-Elf and Githyanki. ~half-elf @bard%Born as HooRuk Baustorm to a Warchief's Son and Barbarian Human Mother. For two years after his birth he was a part of his father's tribe, and along with his mother were the few non-pure blood orcs of the tribe. The Warchief thought all should be welcomed in the tribe but the Elders thought differently. The Elders, believing in the "pure" tribe made moves to eliminate all traces of non-orcs and the weak blood sympathetic to them. The family was betrayed by their own tribe. HooRuk's Grandfather was murdered in his sleep, and his Mother lashed out the betrayers protecting, his Father the boy's escape. His father mortally wounded in the attack while shielding him from an onslaught of arrows, managed to get HooRuk out to sea before dying on the shore. Orphaned and adrift the boy was discovered by an old naval captain turned fisherman, his wife, and their son. HooRuk was raised by the old couple in their small town and given the name "Killian". Killian as he grew older excelled at the old man's trade and had a penchant for spear fishing. After the passing of his adopted parents, Killian began expanding the fisherman's trade while his adopted brother, Liam, went off to pursue a naval career. Killian worked the trade and after many attempts to expand his business, he ultimately abandoned that path. Determined to make a name and get away from the land that took so much from him he found his way to the sea. For years Killian worked from one ship to another eventually falling in with a few Elvish pirates. Earning a reputation of being fierce combatant with outlandish tactics. Killian eventually obtained his own crew and ship, called the "Merry Hound". For 5 years, Captain Killian and his crew pillaged and plundered only from the those with plenty to spare. He targeted specific ships and raided many unorthodox targets for books and other bits of knowledge. Becoming known as the Literary Pirate. While still brutal in his tactics never one to back away from plundering rival pirates that attacked those less fortunate. These behavior's eventually drew the ire of his first mate,Eldon Smeed. Betraying the Captain and slaughtering a portion of his crew. Smeed was fought off and abandoned on a deserted island. The surviving crew sailed on. One day after an larger than usual score, Killian acquired some unique information with regards to his past. So after a few weeks of preparation he gathered his crew and paid them a years wage each, and gave them their leave. The Merry Hound was ported, and abandoned said for two paid protectors. Bidding farewell Killian to his beloved ship, he moves onward attempting to find more of his past and to the next great story. ~half-orc @barbarian%Arden was a runt-of-the-litter, so to speak. He was left at a doorstep in Rogarsheim, with naught but a nametag with his Draconic name in the Common alphabet: "Arjhan". His mother left on a voyage to Neverwinter with Arden when he was but three months old, but the ship was beset by pirates off of the Korinn Archipelago. The pirates, aboard the Dragonfury, a fairly infamous pirate ship, then adopted Arden after his mother's death in the raid, taking a Dragonborn's presence as a good omen for the ship. Fifteen years later, Arden had become one of the Dragonfury's chief boarders, making up for what he lacked in strength with superior reflexes and acrobatic ability, but the ship was attacked by another pirate ship - the Stormrider. Though Arden tried to swim off during the raid, the pirates made him a galley-slave, intending to sell him off at landfall. When they reached port, though, Arden escaped, becoming a bodyguard, bouncer, hitman (one notable adventure being the assassination of the knight Jarred Oakhold), and eventually a naval hero-for-hire after mugging enough money to make the journey to Neverwinter, a distant memory from his childhood. When our story picks up, Arjhan has discovered a realm infinitely more treacherous than the perils of the sea... DRY LAND.Arden has since went to Phandallan for a job for one Gundran Rockseeker. Gundran's disappeared, but the job is done and Arden considers himself free from commitment. ~dragonborn @fighter%Inez Inri was born in a small town called Middlesborough and lived there with her parents, Jon and Gloria. She was the oldest, of 4 and looked after her little brothers and sisters. Her family, however, didn’t have a lot of money, so when she was 10, her father left to get a job. Coin was sent via mail once every once in a while, until one day it stopped. Inez knew that she had to do something, and when a local theatre group came to town, she knew she had to join. She knew good entertainers got a lot of money, and it was the only job she figured she wouldn't be that bad at.She practically begged the group to let her join until finally, an elf named Bryna took pity on the young Aasimar and let her join. Bryna was like the big sister that she never had. She taught her everything she knew. Once she joined the theatre company, they put her to work immediately. Inez learned how to clean costumes, fix harps, and copy scripts. After a while, they decided to let her be apart of the shows. Inez immediately fell in love with entertaining. She loved making people laugh or cry with her acting or storytelling. The aaimar loved her new group of friends and players. Not only could she send money to her mother and siblings every other week, but it was so exciting.She loved being able to travel with her new family from town to town. She loved sleeping small inn rooms, sleeping on the ground in a big bundle with everyone. Nearly every night they would put on costumes and make-up and performed. Even on nights where they did a bad job, they would all laugh at themselves, walking to the nearest bar to get food and drink before quickly going to the next town over. Inez adored the company, they had inside jokes from play-lines, gossip and had each other's back no matter what. If one player was being attacked or picked on by someone outside their little group, they were quick to defend. Inez found great comfort in this and stuck around for years.The company taught her all different kinds of plays, songs, and stories. One of the company members, a Tiefling named Erthos helped her learn how to play the flute and other instruments. He took it upon himself to teach her how to properly read sheet music and was also her vocal coach for singing. Sooner or later she started to play music for some of the plays the others did as well. Bryna would also pull her aside as well to teach her some magic as well. Slowly, but surely, Inez was becoming a Bard with a lot of potential.She still continues to travel with her theatre party, she tries to visit her mother and siblings as much as she can. One day she hopes to be a good enough Bard and go to the College of Lore. However, recently she was separated from her theatre company when a fight broke out at a theatre. Now she mostly roams around, playing her instrument and singing for money. Sometimes she’ll do odd jobs as well. Inez hasn’t given up completely and still looks for her group. ~human @bard%A scout in the dwarven army, he was captured during a campaign against the Duergar.  His company, under the command of the young prince, suffered a horrible loss after his capture.  When called to account for the loss of 800 dwarven lives, the prince blamed the scouts who never returned.  One of them must have betrayed them. When Drohvan was finally able to escape, he made it back to his people, only to be arrested on sight.  They believed he had betrayed them, and his "escape" was just him returning to spy on them.  He was branded a coward and a traitor (literally, dwarven runes branded on his face) and exiled.  He found work on a ship that didn't ask too many questions, but after a night of heavy drinking, he woke up in an alley, the ship was gone, and his pack was left on the dock. With nowhere to go, he meets the rest of the party. ~dwarf @rogue%Anton was raised in the church of Talos. He has no memory of his parents. The priests say that he was left on the steps of the temple as a child. He was trained as an acolyte until the day he was struck by lightning.  Anton believed it to be a sign that he was chosen by Talos.  He then set off as a wandering cleric, spreading the teachings of the Stormlord. ~half-elf @cleric%A member of the city watch, he isn't the brightest torch, but he has a heart of gold. Has a tendency to stumble into the right place at the right time and accidentally save the day.  He's chasing down a thief who stole a precious family heirloom from the duke's manor. ~gnome @fighter%Being raised in a temple of Torm is a; different upbringing, especially when your even stranger than the rest of the flock. Born into a family of human farmers Isaac was swiftly noticed by a nearby sect of clerics, occasionally growing wings and shinning like sun doesn't go unnoticed. Constant lessons on history, languages, and how not to live your is mandatory for all residents of the temple, but more was expected of Issac given his divine blood. By his 20th year life had grown dull, well on the path to becoming a high priest of Torm simple lessons became the least of his worries constant appearances and meetings with high ranking member of the church, training with weapons of war, being made to decide judgement according to the strict laws, not even sleep was an escape with constant instruction from his angelic guide, dull life faded into melancholy.One day a wandering monk came to the temple beaten to brink of death. Master Jormund.During his recovery Issac stuck to him like glue, listening to his stories of evils triumphed and a carefree life. Shrugging more and more of his duties spending time meditating and speaking with Jormund until one day Master Jormund left, Issac was nowhere to be found.Issac spent the next 3 years on the road with his new friend and teacher Jormund. Doing good with seemingly no rhyme or reason, seeing new lands, this revitalized Issac's spirit. Life was good, but you can't run from your past forever... ~elf @monk%Unlike a lot of necromancers, he is kind, gentle, shy and has a good heart.   He got into necromancy because a part of him felt something was rather unfair and cursed about being a half-elf-that the lifespan of a half-elf is far less than a full elf, meaning that his elven mother would have to watch him grow old and die, right after watching her human lover.  His parents were once adventurers who settled down and married despite the long-term consequences of someone who will die in a few decades and someone who will die in a few centuries.  Thus after some time his parents split up to avoid the pain more.  His parents sent him away to boarding school to further distance themselves.  It would be in this boarding school where he would get his introduction to wizardry.The rift in his family due to lifespan differences inspired him to research the fragile bonds and arcane knowledge of life and death, but then it also led him to other places and ideas-he started to show compassion toward undead and feel wonder about the condition of undeath.  He then started to take his ideas further and even think about mortality as a travesty to life.  This put him at odds with a lot of faiths, especially after he peppered clerics with philosophical questions about the role and purpose of mortal life.  Then he would start to embark on a quest to research immortality, preferably true immortality rather than undeath, but if this proves to put him at odds with the gods too much, he may have to settle for some form of undeath.  When he explains his beliefs to others, he comes across often as being simultaneously insane and compassionate.  His journeys would take him to unexpected places and give him more to think about and perhaps test his ideals.  He doesn't like to kill, even to eat, but unfortunately he finds himself with traveling companions that could care less. ~half-elf @wizard%My sister and I were living at an orphanage when she was adopted by some aristocrat. I've been trying to become somewhat of a famous thief in hopes she'll recognize me from posters. Unfortunately, I am extremely embarrassed about my appearance, so I never show my face in public. It's a conundrum. Maybe she'll recognize my......jawline? (My face is usually only hidden from above the mouth by a cloak)This one time, I was dared to dress as a maiden for 24 hours and received many escort requests from people who thought I was a woman. So now, when I need to disguise in a situation where speech isn't necessary, I pull out my dress and wig.I receive far more complements while I'm in disguise, so I've taken to appreciating my appearance more while dressed as a woman. I once stabbed an inn-keeper through the hand when he tried to touch me sexually. Needless to say, I am no longer welcome there. ~human @rogue%As a young dwarf I was taken raised and taught as an apprentice to be a stonemason by the Stonemasons Guild of Balduk. After many years as an apprentice to a Dwarf named Kardurk i was accepted as a full member and trusted brother of the Guild. My skills as a stonemason grew ever more impressive and as i progressed through the tiers of the brotherhood, so did my ambition, i longed for recognition outside the guild and after a time my work was coveted across Balduk selling for some very eye watering prices. I sculpted increasingly more ambitious and technical work, with inlays of Gold and Mithril i carved artisan level pieces for people of important standing across the Hold until one final piece earned me the title of Stoneweaver from the Guild, my finest hour. My work stagnated after this and my artistic rivals began to undermine my position within the guild. Believing me unworthy of the title Stoneweaver my old master Kardurk jealously turned members of the guild against me, having them discredit my work and integrity among my brothers, it would seem I had made some enemies.After a harvest feast in the great hall one autumn the work of the Guild was celebrated and debated until, after many drinks, a fight broke out. Provoked and defending my honor i mistakenly drew blood in the place of our fathers cutting Kardurk in my rage. Afterwards the guild quickly assigned me to new tasks. In my 80's i was "volunteered" to work among guild outcasts repairing Balduks aging fortifications, entryways and roads. By Kardurk's machinations I had been sent as punishment to become the guilds defensive work-master, i would traverse the very peaks we lived underneath to repair aging stonework and rebuild old defensive towers.During my tenure as the work-master i was taught to be a very proficient Ranger by the scouts of our hold for without these skills I would have never survived the bitter wilderness of the peaks during winter. I slowly became an exceptional hunter and tracker of our enemies, clearing camps of goblins from the foundations of towers was a prerequisite for beginning some repairs. But my hands longed to work stone into art, the repair jobs became tedious to me, so I began work moving equipment and resources from the guild to create my own pieces, i was convinced the guild would pull me from "exile" if i submitted a masterpiece. Kardurk however eventually caught wind of me working on private projects and sent dwarves to silence me and my work forever, they chased me from the mountains.Kardurk my one time master turned guild rival is now my bitter enemy for it is his fault i must forever run from my own kind, his fault i can no longer fulfill my passion and work the stone of our ancestors. The guild still accepts me as a member, for it cannot renounce me until I am either deceased or brought to trial for my so called transgressions, I at least have some brothers among the council who see Kardurk for what he is, but all manner of folk hunt me for the bounty he has placed on my head, he wants me dead for I am the only dwarf who works stone better than he and whilst I live he will always be my second. For now I must leave my home in self exile, I will go in search of the worlds great works of stone and study other cultures and techniques so I can make mine better all the while preparing for my revenge. ~dwarf @ranger%The Falhorns were a noble family of Elvish lords with landholdings in the forest near a small village. When orcs attacked the town, their Elvish neighbors came to their aid, but were too late to save most of the townspeople. Those who survived had lost their homes and everything they owned, so the once-indifferent Elvish patriarch benevolently offered a place in his home for them. The elves employed many of the humans as servants in their homes, and treated them quite well. In time, the eldest son of the Elvish lord became enamored with his human servant. As the lord had decreed that no romantic relations between elf and man would be tolerated in his realm, the son's relationship with his servant would be kindled in secret. Eventually, the woman became pregnant with a half-elf bastard child, whom she would name Elben. He would be given his mother's surname, as she would never disclose the identity of the elven father, lest the patriarch bring judgement upon her beloved. Even so, the Elvish lord commanded that she would no longer be employed in his home, and that she must take her son with her to work elsewhere in their community. Like many of mixed heritage, Elben was shunned by his Elvish relatives. He was bullied and picked on for much of his childhood, and spent much of his time tending to livestock in the stables and fields. At the age of thirteen, Elben's mother became ill with an unknown malady, and eventually passed away. By this time, the Elvish lord had heard many rumors of Elben's lineage, and rather than keep the boy as a reminder of his own son's disobedience, the Elvish lord saw fit to send Elben to serve in the army of a nearby human king. The Elf lord had his scribe pen a letter to the General of the Kingsguard stating Elben's predicament, and requesting that he be put into the service of the king. General Dhaka of the King's Army, Leader of His Majesty's Royal Guard, was a kindly, grayheaded man of seventy-eight years. He had served in the royal army for nearly all of his life, rising to the highest rank from his beginnings in the infantry. As such, he was well-renowned throughout the realm for his bravery and dedication to the Crown. Upon receiving the Elvish lord's letter, Gen. Dhaka asked that the half-elf youth be brought immediately to his chambers. He questioned Elben at length about his home, his mother, and his upbringing in a way that must have seemed rather odd to a bastard child that had been overlooked for much of his life. On that same day, Dhaka swore Elben into the service of the King. At first, the General would keep the half-elf boy as his personal servant. Elben was tall and strong compared to full-blooded humans his same age, and became a great asset to Dhaka in his advanced age, carrying his weapons and armor, and when needed, helping the old knight to scale the hundreds of steps that led to up the tower to his chambers. General Dhaka favored the boy so much that he afforded him every opportunity to learn at his side, whether during audiences with the king or at strategic military meetings. Over two years passed for Elben in the personal service of the General, and he was finally old enough to officially enter the royal army. On the morning that the half-elf was to become a soldier instead of a servant, Dhaka called him into his chambers. The old man proceeded to thank Elben for his years of unquestionable loyalty, and stated that he had been keeping a secret since the day he had received Elben into his home. The boy looked at him confusedly as the General informed him that he had been born in the same village as Elben's mother before he moved to the capital to join the Kings' Army. In fact, Dhaka said, he guessed that Elben might be his great nephew by marriage. This hypothesis would be nearly impossible to prove as their village records had been destroyed along with the rest of the town; but this did not matter to Dhaka. From that day forward (and many days before), the General would think of Elben as his nephew, and treated him as such. At sixteen years of age, Elben Falhorn-Dhaka joined the Royal Infantry. In very little time, he became a skilled and shrewd fighter, in part due to years of bearing the brunt of Elvish beatings. Serving under his great-uncle had made him a quick study of tactics and formations, and his experience in the stables of the Elvish lord helped him to become one of the best mounted soldier-trainees. It wasn't long before Elben was promoted, and then promoted again, eventually becoming captain over his own unit. He was well loved by his fellow soldiers, but looked upon derisively by those in command, who feared that one day he would rise to take over the Generalship as his uncle had. During Elben's service the kingdom was blessed with several years of peace. Much of his time was spent training with his fellow soldiers and studying combat arts and theories of war under his uncle. The General's advisers took notice of the special attention he appeared to be receiving, and began to plot against him, often sending Elben's unit to deal with undesirable tasks, such as providing relief to flood victims, tracking goblin raiders, or rebuilding outdated outposts. Captain Falhorn was unfazed, however, and became skilled in maintaining the morale of his men. He could always be found working side-by-side with his soldiers, without complaint. During a peasant uprising in the farther reaches of the kingdom, Elben's unit was called upon to return order to the area. Martial law was imposed in the region, and while his soldiers began the occupation of several communities, Elben called a meeting with the leaders of the rebellion. In doing so, he discovered that the Lt. Generals had been using their rank to unlawfully tax and abuse the commonfolk under their protection. Upon his return to the capital, Elben confronted his superior officers regarding their misuse of power, and wound up in the infirmary after they overpowered him and beat him mercilessly. While recovering from his wounds, the group of Lt. Generals sent a representative to his bedside, informing him that his aging great-uncle, the General of the King's army, would be assassinated if Elben tried to expose their machinations. Rather than serving under a corrupt regime, Elben fled from infirmary barracks under the cover of night, while still recovering from his injuries. He knew that his comrades would know him as a traitor to the crown and an oathbreaker, but would not put his beloved Uncle Dhaka in danger. Elben swore that one day he would return to the capital to bring justice to the Guard officers. Pursued by the Guard, Elben would flee to a neighboring country, taking refuge in a temple. The priests provided him sanctuary and healed his wounds, and Elben found himself drawn to the priestly life. He devoured holy writings zealously, applying the devotion he once held for justice and combat to the study of religion and morality. The priests were glad to offer all of the instruction he could retain, and in-turn, asked that he use his knowledge of combat to protect the nearby hamlet from predators. After a year and a half, the Lt. Generals' spies finally located Elben, and a Kingsguard squadron was sent to collect him for court martial. When they arrived, Elben was assisting the townsfolk by hunting down a rabid wolf that had been terrorizing their flocks. The Kingsguard questioned the temple priests, who refused to provide any information regarding Elben's whereabouts. The temple was desecrated, and all the priests slaughtered for their silence. The soldiers plundered the larder and cellar before riding on to the village to continue their search. Once again, the Kingsguard left no survivors. Seeing the smoke rising from the village from several miles away, returned home to find the soldiers drinking sacramental wine and wiping the villagers' blood from their weapons. His battle instincts immediately returned to him as he breathlessly spoke a prayer to the temple god and unsheathed his sword. Elben's blade sliced through his former compatriots with ease until the entire squadron lay at his feet. His adopted home destroyed and the temple brethren slain, Elben retrieved a single scorched holy book from the remains of the chapel, gathered his belongings, and mounted his horse, riding southward into the woods. Elben spent the next two years in solitude, only venturing into society when absolutely necessary, and always under cover of night. He pored over the religious text and kept his sword sharp and armor polished, while training incessantly for the impending justice he would bring upon the Kingsguard officers. ~half-elf @paladin%Jarvull Torinn grew up on the stories of his tribe being part of an even greater tribe. Stories of a time when all the Dragonborn from the North were one nation and were honored allies with the Kingdom of the Dragon. It was a time when his family had members who were elders of the tribe and they were respected by everyone.Then came the war and the dishonor to his family. A tale of betrayal that brought great dishonor and drove them into exile to the Southern Wastes. The stories tell of a great ancestor who was an ambassador to the Kingdom of the Dragon that was brought up on charges of treason against the kingdom and had been executed for that crime.The stories of this distant grandfather though designed to remind members of the new tribe the dangers of betrayal and why they were no longer trusted by other Dragonborn, never sat well with Jarvull. The man in the tale never seemed to fit the crime, as the saying goes, and it always disturbed the young Dragonborn as he grew up. It did not help as well that Jarvull had often been compared appearance wise to this distant ancestor as he too was smaller then your average Dragonborn and had a tail. For this reason Jarvull would often spend time alone out away from the tribe and was given the nickname of Kobold as an insult by many of the meaner children he grew up with.Now at the age of 16, an age that he is no longer a child, Jarvull had grown restless. He had explored much of the area around where his tribe lived and often would venture to a local fishing village to swap stories and goods with the local fisherman. It was during one such visit that he met an old Elf in the local inn that was just passing through. The Elf had mistook him for the ancestor from the stories, Garen Torinn. Jarvull though was very reluctant to believe that old Elf that he knew Garen. Sensing his reluctance the Elf presented an old carved flute that matched one talked about in the stories that Garen was often told to have played. The old Elf let him take the flute as a gift and a means to find the truth as he was now to old to pursue what really happened and expose the truth to the world.Still not believing the Elf, but needing more proof Jarvull took the flute to the eldest member of the tribe, an oracle woman. Though the oracle could not gleam much from the flute she did acknowledge it was Garen's and it would be Jarvull to find the truth of what happened to Garen, be it for ill or good. With that knowledge tugging on Jarvull's mind, he gathered his things and set off to to the Sharktooth Isle in order to find the truth of what happened to Garen Torinn. ~dragonborn @barbarian%An unconventional orc male (known only as "Lughazak" to Durk) and a free-spirited Tethyrian human female ("Jazmin Emberwood") fell in love and kept it secret. Lughazak's tribe planned a raid on Jazmin's village, but Lug managed to turn their gaze on a neighboring town instead. The tribe laid waste to that town, and moved on, and Lughazak was never heard from again.Durkhazak was born to Jazmin about eight months later. She used to tell him stories of his father (though she herself knew little of him). While she meant to inspire Durk, the stories only made him more angry that his father had left. His skin had always been a grayish-green color, but between the ages of eight and ten his orcishness really started to show. His heavy underbite, coupled with the complexion and slightly pointed ears, was a dead give away.Durk's mother Jaz fell sick when he was ten, so he started doing odd jobs around the village for coin to provide for the two of them. He ran messages between nearby villages, always careful to keep his pronounced lower jaw covered by a scarf for fear of orc-racism. He also began chopping firewood to sell, and hunted small animals for food. He got to know the woods really well.Not many in the village would help his mother in their need, because they feared Durk the half-orc. Most called him a mongrel behind his back--and some to his face. When his mother's sickness grew worse, the village doctor did what he could, but there were others sick as well. Jazmin died when he was fifteen. Durk left the village almost immediately. After all, he'd been unwelcome from the start. Durk keeps his lower jaw hidden behind a thick crimson scarf. The rest of his face is shaded by the hood of his cloak. He's fended for himself for five years now, wandering from town to town, carving out a life as a mercenary-for-hire. Lately, he's been tracking orc tribes. Six months ago, he met a silver dragonborn named Saurien Vathtikir. The two have been traveling together doing mercenary work since then. Durk has picked up conversational Draconic from traveling with her. ~half-orc @ranger%Szin’kalan Rilynval was born in Ched Nasad in 1367 to a minor family. When the Central Pillars were destroyed in 1374, he was relocated along with some of the sons of House Auvryndar to some abandoned caverns controlled by the main House. Szin’kalan lived in several locations in the underdark before he and others were captured in 1398.  This captivity saw him sold into slavery for several years.  He was relieved to be set free when the house that owned his collar was taken over and he was recognized by a friendly family and returned to his Rilynval family for a ransom.  It was during this time that he learned to fear the female priests of Lolth and to have a deep abiding abhorrence of slavery. He began training with weapons soon after and in a surface raid in 1468, Szin’kalan boarded his first pirate ship. The freedom under the night skies and the stars entranced him. A few years later he would join the crew of the Drow Captain, Val'eyl Auvryndar and would take up the revised name Shynt’eyl Mourndax. The night seas belonged to the Drow pirates on the black ship “Mask’s Revenge."  In time, with prosperity, the fleet of ships increased and Val'eyl moved back to land and started a "business" where the pirate goods could be filtered back into the cities more easily, and also as a front for Drow activities.  Staying with the bloodthirsty Captain appointed to the "Mask's Revenge", Vicas'rak, a younger relative of Val'eyl Auvryndar, Szin’kalan would do his best to be loyal, but began to see that slavery had crept into the operation. In late 1485, the "Revenge" was set upon by authorities patrolling the Sword Coast.  As they were fleeing the authorities, the fast ship seemed to be gaining ground and pulling away as the sun began to set.  The night was tense, but exhilarating until they heard the flapping of wings and the fire that rained down from the sky.  What horrible luck to fall into the clutches of a dragon.  Szin’kalan abandoned the defense of the ship when most of the deck and timbers were burning and ran into the hold below.  He freed as many of the slaves they carried from their shackles as he could before the heat grew too hot.  They jumped into the ocean and tried to get away from the disaster.  The ship and most of the crew were sunk in flames.  Szin’kalan was lucky to have escaped in the darkness with his life, along with a couple of slaves he freed during the fight. Washing ashore, he left the pirates life behind and taking the few coins he had on him began to work odd jobs for those that needed jobs done.  He learned a lot of hard lessons in those first few months ashore, coinless and unskilled. He never thought he would be in a state where helping out half-orcs and humans with menial tasks would be necessary to bring in enough coins to cover living expenses.  In time he persisted and grew to understand the ways of the working man.  With careful thrift and an eye to a rung higher up the ladder he was able to save up enough to afford his leather armor and a longbow that he began to practice with.  To his surprise he found that he was better than he previously expected with ranged weapons and that the speed and agility he gained on the rigging of the pirate ships served him well.  He began to pick up caravan guard jobs and travel the western edges of the Sword Coast where his diligence as a night guard garnered him a reputation.  Sometimes on the city streets and out in the forest he would miss the stars he saw when sailing, but his changed perspective on slavery makes him feel lighter of spirit, even at the cost of gold coins in his purse. Working under the stars is still preferable to the preternatural stillness of the Underdark.  Someday he'll find a way to gain a name for himself so that he no longer has to work for others.  Meanwhile he'll do all he can to find out what can be learned about Dragons and how to defeat them so that he can conquer this fear that startles him from his meditative trance so frequently.  As a guard, he simply goes by Zhen and avoids discussion of family interactions. ~elf @ranger%Born to the elven house of Nailo, Wrenn was raised by his mother Kalla, high priestess of Boccob. Under her discipleship a young Wrenn gained his arcane knowledge. As he grew, Wrenn came to be considered a scholar in his own right and endeavored to increase his knowledge by adventuring. Wrenn is a lissome man with fair skin and blue eyes. His messy black hair frames a carefree, expressive face. Laidback, jovial, and eccentric in demeanor; Wrenn’s playfulness belies a cunning mind. ~elf @wizard%Her grandfather was a commoner. - She has the sage background and studied at a university for a while, which is where she learned of the Great Old Ones and their power. - The setting is Faerun. - She's about 16. ~tiefling @wizard%He was raised alone by his mother, who was a blacksmith for the clan.His name comes from the night he was conceived, under a moon that the clan shamans said was filled with ominous portent. Bad Moon never knew his father, just that he was a human, temporarily sheltering in the Stoneheart lands on the way to some other destination. Unbeknownst to Bad Moon, his father was a necromancer who was seeking out an ancient tomb past the Stoneheart lands.In the Stoneheart clan, a man's wealth is measured by the amount of pigs he owns and the amount of wives he has. First you get the pigs, then the wives are drawn to you, due to your wealth and status. Bad Moon struck out on his own as soon as he was able, to seek his fortune and build the biggest pig farm the Stonehearts had ever seen.Due to his youth and his clan's focus on conspicuous wealth, Bad Moon wears a lot of gold jewelry, such as rings, armbands and armor decorations. One of his tusks is capped over in gold. He wears a thick leather kidney belt with a boar head medallion on the front.Bad Moon is boisterous, quick to laugh and quick to fight. He detests those that would use their martial power for oppressing the weak, rather than defending. And he despises all weavers of the dark arts. ~half-orc @barbarian%Cathal Silverwood grew up in the small town of Drinkleaf. He is the son of a Cobbler.His parents, Aeden Silverwood(father) and Aiofe Silverwood(mother) raised him well, and although he got up to a few mischiefs as a youth, he developed into a valuable member of the community.One of the key moments in his life was his acceptance as the apprentice to Cowan, the head ranger and woodsman of Drinkleaf. The ranger had chosen him after witnessing his defence of a young girl from a trio of bullies.Several years of training in and around the nearby forest passed, Cowan teaching him how to track not only the beasts of the forest, but also the more elusive elves that resided there, and Cathal grew.One day, as Cowan was considering promoting Cathal to full ranger, he got word that the lad had come under attack defending a young woman near the forest, Cowan and several towns folk rushed to his aid, only to find him helping the young lady up, flanked by two dead Gnolls. Cowan had made his decision.The townsfolk were jubilant in celebration of Cathal's heroics and promotion, His father's business boomed as people came to his shop so they could talk about their town hero.A few months passed, Cowan took on a new apprentice and Cathal had taken a post as a full fledged ranger. Cowan took him to the side one day and told him he was wasting his talents in such a small town, that he needed to go out and see the world, get a taste for adventure, develop as a person and as a ranger. Cathal enthusiastically agreed, and a week later he had gathered what possessions he saw fit, said his goodbyes and left the only home he had ever known. ~human @ranger%Baer Stonekeg was the son of a noble dwarf family who owned and operated Stonekeg brewery. Baer loved to drink the ale and bask in the decadence his family amassed, but he grew tired. He began to learn to fight, and his mentors quickly realized he was quite talented. Baer left his family's estate to fight in a war but when the fighting was over, Baer found he was not. So Baer wondered the land in search of a battle and a worthy cause to lend his Axe to. Eventually the land became peaceful and there was no war to fight, but fight was all Baer could do. He joined a group of mercenaries called the Red Hand and did things he wasn't proud of. It wasn't like war, there was no cause just money. When Baer decided it was time for him to go home, the leaded I'd the red hand would not let him leave. After a long battle Baer struck down his former mentor and boss. When he finally returned home everything was gone. The house and the bar were in rubble and there was no sign of his family. Instead of shedding a tear he left to do the only thing he knew how- fight. ~dwarf @fighter%Grew up as the family of a servant woman, therefore she was destined to become a hand maiden. Didn't suit the lifestyle; not good at any of that fiddly or piddly crap that's expected.She did however learn to move quietly, quickly and be precise - these are the skills a servant needs.Still, the master was a mean bugger - didn't like lip, even if it was an apology for something unpreventable.That didn't sit well. The guys could take a beating, but the hand maidens were frail by comparison.One evening, she decided to stand up for the weaker girls - took the geezer's belt mid-stroke and showed him a thing or two about how it can be used.Fled the house. No need staying when there's no master, no?Ended up in a bigger city. No money. Good eyes though, still light on her feet.Lots of women need protecting here, seeing as they work the oldest, most dangerous female profession, if you catch my meaning.Started working as a Drake for some of the ladies that stay out too late, keeping things running smoothly.When the business dried up due to a liche lord, she turned what skills she learned in the gutters into a profession as a sellsword. ~human @rogue%Behind him the land dropped hundreds of feet into the ocean. He wandered forward into the city, along spires bridging our world to the stars. He walked below and above intricate webs of lattice. Bridges weaved through the lattice, between the spires - interconnecting these monoliths in clusters of marble and ivory. Dragging his fingertips along the reliefs as he followed the path laid forth, he could feel the atrophy of this world - not only in its physicality, but in its history. This city labored to stand and his presence was its last breath. Among these towers there was no life. No man, nor beast, nor overgrowth. He was all that was and all that would be for as long as this city stood; for however much longer it could stand. He brought his gaze from the small processions of stone people to the sky, allowing the stars to burn into his mind.He fell back into the nothingness and his eyes rolled into place. He listened as the waves and wood met in large acoustic booms. Across wood rot and bilge water, he stumbled forward and up the stairs, emerging from the drum to a crew hard at work. Matco was at the helm, bringing their ship into her port of call. DeWalt had attempted to illustrate the city’s silent beauty to Matco, but his ramblings were dismissed. For three nights Lucienne slept and he visited his alien city, venturing deeper and deeper toward what he believed to be its heart - each morning he woke to map a portion of the sky. Perhaps, he thought, he could navigate to this place and learn of its untold wonders. Perhaps he could find this city's heart, which seemed unattainable in his dreams.His crew would follow him to the ends of the earth for promise of a bit of gold; however, Matco wasn't so naive. On the third day he set sail - the Lucienne short one pair of hands. Their wares grew thin and their captain ceased to emerge from his quarters, leaving instruction only to follow the stars displayed on his map. Weeks passed and the crew thinned as did their confidence in their captain. Unrest was birthed among the crew as they fell into stranger tides. The stars fell in positions they had never before seen. From their unrest spawned spite.He once again found himself within the bones of his lifeless city. With each of its breaths, the lattice crumbled. Fear gripped him for he felt that the one source of life that remained within the city was fading. It would be lost before he could find it. The stars themselves betrayed the motley collection of towers for which they once swore kinship, disappearing and reappearing, shifting among themselves.He opened his eyes to his abortion by The Lucienne and her crew. Left inside a rowboat with a box of rations and a sextant, he continued his voyage. As supplies ran low, he labored to dream. His heart ached to once again return to the city among the stars, but his body and mind slowly and reluctantly began to favor survival. He once again dreamed things which a man might dream, never returning to the city.Boat and body withered, he set down on a large archipelago where he survived first by scavenging, and then with the way of the hunt. It was long after that a ship caught sight of the camp he had set. For a brief moment he mistook the ship's presence for rescue. It was not until he was shackled and put to work, stumbling again in bilge water that he realized the actuality of the situation. ~human @ranger%Richard had been the town prodigy. He was smart, strong, fast, and had a good heart. He would give his last copper to a homeless man with a smile, and he dearly loved his mentor, a ranger who had taught him much.Then the ranger took ill. Richard traveled far to find the tree whose bark could save his mentor. Finding it, he climbed high, for only the fresh, young shoots at the top could be ground into the healing salve. As he neared the top, one of the branches he gripped broke under his hand. He fell, ultimately striking his head many times.When he awoke, the last fragments of the broken branch still in his hand, much of his memory was lost. Somehow, he journeyed back to his home, but he was different. His quick wit was replaced by a dullness, his charm by blandness, and his intellect was nowhere to be found.Still, he knew the stick in his hand could heal, and he knew someone needed healing. Sadly, he returned home too late. His mentor died hours before he returned, and very few people in town even recognized him, so much had he changed.Richard took up wandering, but learned to fear groups of people. Whenever he was with a group, his instincts would say hr should be well-liked, but he inevitably ended up mocked or scorned. Worse, he was often completely ignored.He also kept with him the broken bit of branch. No longer possessing his knowledge of natural remedies, but knowing the branch could have healed his mentor, Richard declared the branch 'Sticky', God of Healing. ~human @ranger%Son of Burog Humanslayer (a full orc) and Sabrina Milbourne (A half orc taken captive), Garrok was born and raised as a orc in the wilds. He was always a little different than his peers: A bit more pale, rounder ears, more wit and understanding of the world around him, as well as this pesky thing called "morality". Garrok always had an issue killing creatures, but justified it as the circle of life, creatures giving their lives so that his tribe could provide for themselves. Once he became of age, around 12 years old, he was sent to his rite of passage: The Pit. His tribe had a long standing tradition of all young adults descending into "The Pit" (a hole in the ground the orcs used as a prison) and murdering a captive human by hand, choking the life out of them and getting a taste for blood. He was sent into the pit on a dark night in the middle of a thunderstorm with one of his peers, his best friend from childhood, to kill two young human women. Once he descended into the pit, he saw the fear in their eyes, and saw a bit of his own humanity staring back at him. He could not do it, kill an innocent in cold blood. He turned on his best friend, intending only to knock him down, but struck his head on a rock, killing him instantly. His tribe turned on him, and he fought for his life in that pit, orcs descending from above, attacking with all they had. He killed every last one of his fellow warriors, becoming severely wounded in the process. He had enough life left in him to escape, and escape he did. He ran long and hard through the rain, with no destination or plan, hoping to get away and survive. He eventually passed out from blood loss, and was found by the local army patrols, who recognized his human features. When he awoke days later, his wounds had been tended to, and he was put up in a room at the local infirmary. This was the start of a long, 3 year campaign with the local militia. He did not understand the concept of "laws" and "orders" and found himself getting punished quite often. He was demoted from the battlefield to the kitchen, where he put his heart and soul into mastering the culinary arts. He wanted to follow Orc tradition and accept a surname based off of his life's greatest accomplishment, and the local soldiers took to calling him "Stewslayer" already, so he took this as his surname. ~half-orc @barbarian%Rayen was born of noble blood, and lived a lavish life of study, hidden away in a castle most of her life pouring over books and completely oblivious to the hardships of the average man. Her father, a powerful elven Wizard, was once the right hand man of a powerful King. The king was killed in battle, and his wife, Rayens mother, was devastated. Due to their already close relationship, after the kings death, her father, Aelyeowyn, naturally began to console her and help take care of the kingdom. One thing led to another and they eventually grew very close, having a relationship in secret. When the Queen, Milandra, became pregnant with Rayen, they were forced to bring their relationship public. The kingdom was pleased, and everything was happily ever after... Or so they thought. Many years later, when Rayen was 19 years of age, tragedy struck. A Great Fiend, Charvekkanathor, that the king had made a pact with many years ago returned for the payment he was promised, and was not pleased to find him dead and a elf had taken the throne given to them by the fiend himself. In a fit of rage, he destroyed the castle in a great mountain of fire, and found Rayen hidden away, awaiting certain death. Wanting another servant on this plane of existence, he took her away from the castle, saving her life. Wisked away to one of the planes of hell, Rayen was forced to make a pact with the fiend, with the threat of death. He wants nothing more from her than knowledge of her world, and the occasional corruption and destruction of other living creatures, but may return one day to call upon his owed favor for saving her life. She unwillingly accepted, having no other choice, and found that she was bestowed great power by the fiend, far beyond what was traditionally available to a wizard of her land. After returning to her kingdom, she was accused of murder, having been seen with the fiend, and was forced to run for her life. ~half-elf @warlock%Once a rambunctious young man who asked too many questions and was too smart for his own good, Jimetheous Bobbington set off on his own on a journey of meditation and self-enlightenment. He always was smarter than those around him, and had a knack for figuring things out he was never supposed to know. It was this burden of knowledge that pushed him out of society and onto his own, to live as a reclusive hermit in the wilds. This left him free to pursuit his lust for knowledge unchecked, for so he thought. One night, as he slept soundly on the rock he used as a bed, a group of mysterious figures descended upon the campsite. They knocked him out cold, and dragged him away. When he awoke, he was tied to a bed, surround by mysterious magical devices in every direction he could see. They began teaching him things, filling his mind with knowledge. An endless stream of images, audio, and voiceless words filled his brain, consuming him completely. He laid here for what seemed like a lifetime, and for many, it was. For close to 70 years he was kept alive and used as a conduit of knowledge. Not only was he given knowledge, he was used as a repository as well, and felt the presence of others probing his mind for the answer to untold questions. Suddenly, everything went dark. A huge explosion rocked the building, and he was suddenly aware of his surroundings in a way he hadn’t been in almost 70 years. His prison like bed had been overturned and he lay helpless on the floor, his atrophied muscles near useless. Armed men suddenly stormed the room, carefully tending to his wounds and escorting him from the building. They reintroduced him to society, told him of the terrible experiments run on his mind, and nursed him back to health. ~human @wizard%Tokugawa grew up in a small village on an island far away. Although he was but a simple fisherman, he trained every night in the art of the Ogachi in hopes of one day becoming a samurai. One night, while training, he was spotted by a group of travelling samurai. He was challenged to a duel, and gladly accepted. He quickly realized he was outmatched, and graciously accepted defeat. The samurai however, knowing he had won and was in control, told Tokugawa to surrender his wife for a night of pleasure. When Tokugawa refused and attempted to stop the man, he was cut down, slashed across the face, and left for dead. When he awoke, he found his house ablaze and his family murdered in cold blood. He was chased away by the samurai, and forced back onto his boat with nothing more than his Ogachi, fishing pole and backpack. He set sail never to return to this corrupt land, hoping one day to become powerful enough to avenge the death of his loved ones. ~human @figher%Daerrin grew up in the Drow high society of Menzoberranzan. He hailed from the 2nd House Barrison Del'Armgo, second only to House Baenre. He was son to none other than the Matron Mother Mez'Barris, and the house weapon master Uthegentel. Uthegentel was the largest drow in recorded history, and considered the best warrior in all of Menzoberranzan. Daerrin was considered a failure almsot immediately upon birth. He was small, fragile, and asked too many questions for his own good. Speaking out of turn or asking too many questions of your superiors was punishable by severe lashings and torture, of which he was quite familiar. He was noteably punished by his mother's own hands more times than he could count. Upon his coming of age, he entered The Academy under the school of Melee-Magthere. He quickly found out that he had a very easy time killing others, despite his families doubts about his fighting prowess. In combat, time seemed to slow to a standstill, and his opponents weakest vulnerabilities stood out to him like a sore thumb. He accidentally killed numerous other students during practice, realizing quickly that even a weak strike to an opponents vital organs could be lethal. It was here he was approached by the leader of the Dragon's Hord: Nisstyre. He was offered a job as a salaried Assassin, and quickly accepted the offer. He was brought to skullport, where he worked as a hired killer for many years, honing his craft to a cruel perfection. ~elf @rogue%Richard grew up as a peasant on the country side, constantly fighting and getting into trouble. When he turned 16, he was drafted into the military, and gladly left his life of squalor behind for one filled with violence and battle. He served in the army for over two decades, rising in rank slowly as he proved himself to his fellow soldiers and commanders on the battlefield. He retired to a quiet house on the country side, with his wife and child, to live out the rest of his days peacefull and content. Several years later, he left his home for a few days to bring in supplies for the winter, and upon his return found them both deathly ill. They had a disease that seemed incurable, and the local healers had no luck restoring their health. Some time later, they both passed, leaving him heartbroken and alone. He had nothing else to live for, and vowed to do everything in his power to keep others from living out the same fate he had to endure. He traveled far from home, gave up everything to enter the clergy, and began his worship of Torm. He studied there for several more years before finally ready to began spreading Torm's word and helping those in need. ~human @cleric%Grim was born a commoner, raised by a single mother, and lived a life of poverty. Growing up, Grim always excelled at everything he put his mind to. He was esceptionally good at stringed instruments, and soon was the sole breadwinner of his household purely by the pluck of a banjo or the strum of a lute. He found he made the most money playing songs in bars and taverns, and that typically the more shady the establishment, the bigger the payout. One night, while playing in a particularly rotten bar known for being the hideout of a well-established thieve's guild, he was approached by what he later found to be a backstabbing second in command. "Can you keep a secret little boy?", the man asked. "Sure!... For a price" replied Grim, with a sly wink and an outstreched hand. This was the begining of a long and fruitfull relationship. Grim would eavesdrop on the patrons of the bar and gather information, reporting directly to the man in exchange for gold. After a particularly juicy bit of information, the thieves guild leader was assassinated, and its new backstabbing leader took the throne. Grim was allowed full membership, and found that his way with words and vast variety of skills was particularly useful. He helped perform numerous hiests, robberies, assassinations and blackmailings, but one day got on the wrong side of the wrong people. He found out that his mother was killed, murdered to leave a message. He cut ties with the guild and set off on his own, not knowing where he was headed or what he wanted to do, but knew he had to go. Perhaps searching for a wish spell, to bring back his mother, or maybe just the next big heist, Grim would figure all that out on the road. ~human @bard%Tristan grew up on the street, fighting out of rage, stealing to get by. When he was 13 he was forced to flee his home town after accidentally killing a bully during a confrontation.During his travels he served as a bouncer, enforcer and petty criminal. Slowly, however, he came to see that the way he was living his life was self-destructive and malicious. He wanted to devote himself to a worthy cause and use his skills for the greater good.He travelled to the Elven Free State and sought out his great uncle, a powerful mage and Lord in the Elven army named Saradrus. Saradrus immediately saw the boys potential, but saw also how he was teetering on the edge of corruption. He agreed to teach Tristan enough to begin his studies, but refused to teach him more and said " Only through dedication, effort and self-study can you master the Art. I will teach you how to see the path. You alone can walk it." Tristan, though disappointed, agreed.He never blossomed into a Wizard as he'd once hoped, but instead found his strengths lay in blending steel and sorcery. Saradrus hired a blademaster named Ivelius Galanodel to train the young man in soldiery. Ten years later, Tristan left Saradrus' citadel to seek his own fortunes in the wider world. ~half-elf @fighter%Despite his noble heritage Wesley always felt week. So he decided to sacrifice a few peasants to gain favour of a fiend... and apparently that was a bad thing. So he was banished from his home and sent out fend for himself. He tried once more to gain the a fiends power and this time was granted it as well as a quasit servant. ~human @warlock%He came from a family of violent barbarians who fought with giants and conquered villages/towns. When he was born his parents claimed a building in one such town as a home to raise their little barbarian. Extremely uneducated they had no idea that their home was not a home but in fact a library.Gillius spent his childhood teaching himself to read. His parents assumed he was merely spacing out, a fond past time of their own. Still they trained him to fight besides his reluctance. He watched his people commit acts of violence and it made him feel shame. He denounced violence altogether.Over 20 years passed. He was returning to his town after a failed attempt of teaching giants to read and not try to kill him. It was not hard to see the smoke above the treeline. As Gillius came closer he heard the bellowing roar. The sight of the library on fire made his heart skip a beat. Then the sight of burnt corpses, one still holding his fathers favourite great axe.He blanked out. Awakening some time later in a field, covered in blood and with his fathers axe in hand ~half-orc @barbarian%Meen, a half-orc, would never be truly accepted into the tribe he hailed from, and his father refused to be disgraced and accept Meen as his son.From there, Meen was accepted into the monastery by the friendly monks, even though he was a half-orc. As Meen's young life progressed, the monks watched him fail again and again in his studies of scripture, but excel in martial arts.Then came the day when Meen grew curious about his family. He had not even known a name, as the elders only addressed him as "young one". Meen asked his fellow students at the monastery about his namesake, and overheard one of them whisper "Mean son-of-a-bitch". The other students broke into laughter, and on that day, Meen was truly born.After several years of failing even the most basic scripture exams at the monastery, Meen was finally exiled until he could return with a relic sacred to the monks. Of course, the relic he was sent to search for did not exist, but Meen's 5 intelligence didn't help him figure that out.Now, Meen wanders the world in search of holy artifacts and his long-lost family, hoping to finally find his place in the world. He demands to be addressed as Meen, son of Abich, to honor his "family name". ~half-orc @monk%Jack always is an orphan, and always raised in a brothel. He learns his rogue skills from the various women there, and is raised more or less by them and the regular customers. He meets people from all walks, learns and learns, and the brothel workers all like him because he just absorbs their stories like a sponge.At the end of his teen years, he gets a woman pregnant and so joins a treasure hunting auction house of some kind to make some cash for his family. The woman, always named Sarah, inevitably leaves Jack for a Paladin because Jack is incapable of being monogomous while on the road, and is prone to vanishing for sometimes years at a time. He always sends money to Sarah when he is capable, and writes letters, and always promises to return to her but never does. There are always too many enemies for him to face off against, and his allies need him as he needs them. He feels guilt for not being home with his child, but feels guilt for considering leaving his friends.He believes in personal freedom and doesn't break the law unless he has to, to do the right thing. He learns this morality as he is exposed to what players would know as an evil alignment. He starts always neutral, just in it for the money, but he slowly comes to understand that the world needs to be a better place for his children to grow up in. He comes to love, honestly love his friends and comrades, and will never hesitate to help them. He spits in the face of anything that tries to cage him, that tries to bully him, and uses his abilities and tactics to level playing fields.By the time a campaign implodes or a finishes, Jack has usually three or four children on the go. Because one day, one of those children will become an orphan, will be raised in a brothel, and the cycle will repeat; a hero forged in fate who defies fate, who will find others like himself and shape the world.He also hates ninjas, considering them blunt and unimaginative, reliant on supernatural abilities. He has a grudging respect for assassins, though, and will frustrate their plans when he disagrees with them. ~human @rogue%Guy is the son of a well respected orc warrior and a very adventurous human female psionics. When he was yet still a boy his dad was confronted by a monk in a small town bar the monk was very drunk and just minding his time, unknown to the monk he was in guy’s father’s favorite table. After some talking guys father challenged the monk to a duel of honor. The monk soundly beat his father even though the monk had drunk enough to kill most out right. This forever scared his father’s ego which led his dad to going on harder and harder quests to prove his worthiness until one day he just vanished. Growing up he spent a equal amount of time with both races, until the time his dad vanished. This lead his mother to bouts of depression so deep she finally turned guy over to the local church to watch as she went in search of her lost love. Not soon after she left guy (at the ripe age of 12) went in search of a monastery to learn to be the most powerful warrior he had ever heard of, the drunken fist. After many years in their care he has ventured out on his own to try and find out what happened to his parents and to learn the ways of the drunken fist.His mother tried to teach guy in the ways of the psionic but as a young child his talent was too wild and undisciplined, this changed after spending years at the monastery. One day, once he learns the ways of the drunken master he will honor his mother by incorporating what she tried to teach him with what he has learned from the masters. Guy thinks the power of the mind and the body is much more important than having possessions. He recognizes the need for good weapons and company but doesn’t desire it for himself. His sole motivation is to become a better warrior than his father was and once day beat the man who beat his father in a contest of honor. His body bear the many scars of his training and cares not to hide them because they are badges of honor as to he is today. He knows well the ways of the world but finds it much more beneficial to watch and not get involved unless there is a chance to improve his skills. ~half-orc @monk%Shayla Inanis was raised in a well-to-do family in one of the larger cities on the western side of Telford. She received an above average education from her tutors and was taught that she could be anything she chose to be. In particular, she always had respected her tutor who was hired from the local church. Shayla hoped to one day work for the church and prayed every night that one of the gods might see fit to bless her with holy power.The night of her 9th birthday, someone responded. She did not know this god from her studies, but the deep, bellowing voice that spoke to her was simultaneously grand, but comforting; in her head, yet so far away. This voice told Shayla that she had great potential, and that swearing an oath to Her would bestow Shayla with many great powers. Shayla gladly accepted this idea and could suddenly feel something inside her change. Where once there was a heavy, warm feeling, Shayla now felt a light, airy sensation. This must be what divinity felt like.The next day, Shayla excitedly pulled her parents and tutor aside to tell them the good news that she was going to be a great cleric. Her parents smirked knowingly. Shayla had many times told them this. Her tutor asked, “Oh? And to which god? Pelor, like me?” Shayla grinned and told them her god's name. What escaped her lips was not Shayla's voice but a dark abyss of silence filled with a fragile cacophony of unbearable shattering noises. Shayla's mother wept and her father was petrified. Only her tutor reacted, inviting Shayla as calmly as possible to come see his church now that she was a “cleric”.Shayla was more than happy to visit the church and see how it operated. She would finally be a wise, powerful cleric like she had dreamed! Once the family arrived though, things turned. The clerics at the church could sense the disturbance inside of Shayla and surrounded her. Shayla felt nervous, and then the familiar voice whispered in her ear “They do not believe. They want to take you away from me. Run.”And so Shayla ran. With an outburst of power she had never felt before, she knocked back the people closing in on her and ran home. Once there, she quickly grabbed anything she could find. Her bag, her favorite books, some trinkets, and various tools from her father's camping trips. Never before would she have been able to carry so much on her back and still run as she did, but the more she rejected the idea of these alleged holy men who had shut their eyes to her god's existence, the more strength she felt in her body.Soon, she felt panicked thoughts enter her head, but they were not hers. These thoughts belonged to her parents! Without stopping to understand why or how she knew her parents were coming home and searching for her, Shayla ran again. She left her house, the only home she had ever known, and ran west. Her textbook still lay open on her desk to yesterday's lesson: The Wastes. Perhaps out there, Shayla could find others like her, that understood and followed her god. ~elf @warlock%Dad pacted her to a creature of the Underdark when she was very young, and her mom bred her to become a demonbinder without her knowledge. PC grew to resent Lolth, found out about the demonbinder thing, and fled to the surface. Scared a village, killed a child by accident, got badly injured, fled into the woods. PC finds a cabin and attempts to steal medicine. Turns out owner is there and he's an eladrin cleric of Corellon. They fight, she loses. He doesn't kill her because she's not a follower of Lolth. He heals her, they spend time together, through shenanigans they fall in love. They live together for 50 years until an accident occurs and he's nowhere to be found. PC searches for him for years, then presumes him dead because she figures it's easier to cope that way. Ends up filling odd jobs as a mercenary and meets the party to hunt a bounty. Campaign begins. ~elf @warlock%From a prominent family of warriors, Neyrin is the youngest son of the Stoutarm family. After losing two sons to wars, Neyrin's mother was quite protective of him and forbade him from learning the ways of the warrior. Quite fond of music and dance herself, she frequently dragged him to the market square to see visiting troupes and bards. Neyrin picked up skills from these visits over time, making him a natural performer himself, but he always longed to become a warrior.As he grew older, he took up bardic skills in earnest, training with a local bard and learning to play the mandolin. Though not fond of singing unless he's knocked a few back in a rowdy tavern, he has found his niche with bad jokes and entertains/annoys those around him with them endlessly.After leaving home to see the world, he pursued his secret desire to become a warrior, training with a bard skilled in the College of Valor branch. He now sports chain mail armor, carrying a longsword and a whip. Something of a coward when by himself, in the presence of others he is eager to prove his worth as a warrior and will charge into battle alongside the hardiest of warriors.For years he traveled alone, seeking glory, and has seen his share of trouble. One time in particular, he entered a ruined temple, coming across a magical item (this is a DM controlled NPC, and the magical item is a story item, so I'm still hammering out the fine details) that cursed him with wild magic. Now, any time he engages in battle, performs a song or speech, or tries any other skill or spell, he has a chance to trigger some sort of magical effect, generally centered on himself. Since joining the party he has turned blue (requiring a remove curse spell to revert to normal), temporarily doubled in size, been unable to speak, instead spewing pink bubbles for a few minutes, and summoned a flock of flumphs (this happened in a tavern during a rather drunk night, so no one really noticed it was his fault).He knows the reason for the curse, but has no idea how to remove it. He's petrified that the party he's traveling with now will cast him out, and desperately wants to prove himself to them, so he's trying to hide this curse from them. Anytime he's confronted about it, he sticks to the deny, deny, deny strategy and pretends nothing is wrong. Eventually this will come out, but for now he's sticking to his guns. ~halfling @bard%Fynne Telford, a Druid of the Coast from the Moonshae Isles. Fynne’s clan separated from their Sword Coast ancestors generations ago and settled in the Moonshae Isles. Fynne’s clan is at war with other factions in the MI and he was dispatched to the Sword Coast to fetch assistance from his cousins. His ship was attacked by pirates and he woke up on the shore near Baldur’s Gate among the corpses and flotsam of the shipwreckage. ~human @druid%Since they met, Aaxaros never was a distant figure to Glaive. He, a young adult at those days, had a strong, yet unfound affinity for magic. This affinity brought him instinctively to a strange meeting deep in the local woods: A cult and a ritual, an attempt to give flesh to the Winter Duke. The young man's arrival broke the focus of the cultists, and the spell partially botched: Aaxaros' essence, now unrestrained, darted towards Glaive, the nearest creature with the greatest arcane potential in order to possess him, but due the ritual's initial purpose of creating a body, the demon fused with the young man's arm.A few minutes of eldritch blasting mayhem later, as the pain was gone from both their minds, the demon and the man found themselves alone in the woods, trapped on eachother. Young Naras wouldn't be able to return to a normal life now being a demonic host, while Aaxaros wanted out from a body they were too weak to control or leave by itself, so they both stayed there for a while, they fixed a nearby abandoned cottage and lived there for some years, the demon teaching the man how to control the demonic power and the man looking for ways for them both to survive while as well for ways to them both get rid of each other.Walgrave is a nice guy, usually quiet and reserved, but the years alone having a evil outsider inside his arm that talks to you via telepathy has brought up some quirks. He grew a affinity for dark humor that borders bad taste, he's bossy since he grew used to not having anyone to give him orders, he's prone to thinking out loud and often talks to Aaxaros openly and attempts to talk to people and to them at the same time. He is QUITE twitchy about people touching his left arm, that is where the demon resides (the arm is heavily mutated) and often gets paranoid on covering it up, and is suspicious of mostly everyone since the demon loves lies and half truths, but shifts into a sweetheart once he knows he's in a safe place with people that understands his situation. ~human @warlock%Alnfen Aarnuldel was born in a small Wood Elf village living in a forest owned by a nearby human count, meaning they had to pay taxes and the such to the count. At 102, Alnfen reached manhood, and became a petty thief, working as a carpenter for a day job. For eight years he would live like this, until one day selling his wares in a nearby human town, he encountered a corrupt merchant exploiting the townspeople.Alnfen realised what the merchant was doing, and therefore what he was doing (being a thief) was wrong. That night he snuck into the merchant's house, stole his money and handed it out to the people he had ripped off. It turns out this merchant was an agent of the local count, and for the next 12 years Alnfen found himself becoming a vigilante, stealing, tricking and embaressing the count's agents and knights.Six years into his vigilante spree, he married Alenal, a female wood elf from his village, who became his partner in crime. After 12 years of bringing about justice and revenge, including the execution of two of the count's worst followers, the count traced Alnfen back to the village, and attacked the village in force.Alnfen considered running away, but realised if he abandoned the village, everyone would die. By this point his parents and childhood best friend were already dead, as were many other villagers, but he still had a chance to save the others. He confronted the count and challenged the count to a one-on-one duel. The count, having a sense of honour, agreed, and the two fought.Alnfen proceeded to get completely wrecked. The count was a fearsome warrior, and Alnfen could barely keep up. It ended with the count cutting Alnfen diagonally across the chest. Before he could finish Alnfen, Alenal jumped at the count with her knife, allowing two of Alnfen's friends to drag him to safety, but the count quickly killed Alenal.Alnfen has spent the last 13 years travelling as a vigilante thief, bringing retribution and justice to the corrupt and tyrannical, while helping the poor and needy along the way. He has, however, also become an alcoholic and gambler. ~elf @rogue%He grew up being constantly mocked and often the butt of all practical jokes. Every year a bard would come singing about heroes and dragons and such. The boy with almost nothing clung to these stories, constantly practicing his story telling. Eventually he saved up enough money to buy a violin. Now he travels the world as a bard trying to find stories he can tell to inspire kids who don't have anything. ~tiefling @bard%adventures to pay off his student loan debt from wizard college. He carries a grudge against all the rich humans and elves he went to school with. ~half-orc @wizard%Theodore Lionharte was a simple villager helping to setup decorations for the upcoming summer solstice festivities. He toiled for hours in the scorching heat, working through the water breaks he should have taken with the others. Sadly, as you might expect, he succumbed to a heat stroke and fell from the scaffolding. Hitting his head hard on the paved road beneath him, Theodore went limp.He did not die, however.It was miraculous that he survived at all, let alone without serious injury. It was a miracle, yes. One that he attributed to the first thing his delirious eyes looked upon as he awoke: the sun. Theodore now understands that the gods are false. The one true heavenly father has been there his entire life, bathing him in its glorious incandescence, protecting him from injury.Now, Theodore Lionharte, a name that our Radiant Father has bestowed upon him, dedicates his life to spreading the word of the one true god. ~human @cleric%Well, she had an incident growing up related to a handsy cleric that no one believed and only escaped by running away from her family to the forest. An appropriate cliche amount of time later, she returned to society as a contract killer specializing in temple-based assassination and religious frame jobs. Passing herself off as a paladin of whichever deity necessary, she infiltrates, eliminates, and then celebrates. Ah yes, beer, the one good reason to leave the woods. ~human @ranger%Orphaned street-child taken in by a temple dedicated to chance and luck falls in with career criminals, uses his dashing good looks and knowledge of religious pomp/ceremony to fake being a Paladin, earning the trust of hapless rich marks who his companions tricked into thinking their houses were haunted--before robbing them blind, of course. ~human @bard%Little Bill Hardwood, as he is currently known, used to be a hard rock miner in a clan of mountain dwarves. Disgusted by the working conditions in the mines, he organized the miners into a union and revolted against the dwarven rulers who owned the mines. Unfortunately, the crackdown against the union was swift and brutal. Fearing for his life and/or freedom, he fled dwarven society and spent several years drinking heavily and doing what work he could find as a hired thug. His favorite weapon is a pair of ornately carved wooden axe handles that he uses as clubs.Eventually, Hardwood fell in with a band of adventurers, where he eventually (after a bad run-in with wererats that his usually brutal attacks were ineffective against) decided to pick up a little bit of magic (Arcane Trickster) to help even the odds in future encounters ~dwarf @rogue%Beyond the kingdom of Alarand, Biggen Gurble was born in a monastery of Ragathiel to a woman seeking asylum for herself and the unborn child she carried. She died during childbirth due to complications. Little is known about the birth mother, though rumors have been whispered among the clergy. "Matron of a noble house who's lord turned against them." "Run away whore." "Consort to the Emporor of a kingdom beyond these borders. Biggen was left alone freshly new in the world. One Monk, Wristle, took it upon himself to care for the motherless child, raising him within the halls of the monastery.It was here that the core values of Ragathiel took hold at a young age. Chivalry. Duty. Vengeance. Biggen took to arms and tutelage quite naturally, being blooded on the battlefield at the tender age of 9. He showed tactical promise as well as the ability to inspire those around him. Great things were planned for Biggen Gurble. Late one rainy night, while an 11 year old Biggen was asleep in his bed, a traveler came to the doors, seeking asylum. As they are want to do, the followers of Ragathiel offered shelter and hospitality to the traveler, and he was grateful for it, however when morning came and Biggen awoke, he discovered all of the monks and the traveler murdered in the night. An emblem burned into the front doors gave Biggen his only clue to what had occurred. A seared image of a White Flame.Biggen buried his adoptive father and the traveling stranger and set out. Alone in the world, Biggen set forth to discover what he could and do what could be done for his fallen family. For a while he found refuge with a small troupe of a traveling performers. The safety provided Biggen with a little time to determine who he was and what he desired. He enjoyed the wandering and the camaraderie of the road. Traveling across the lands and meeting many many types of folk and creatures. He also heard the way of Cayden Cailean, from the old troupe master, a grizzled old man, named Jeffe. Jeffe sang the praises of Cayden Cailean, also known as the "Lucky Drunk," "Drunken Hero," or the "Accidental God." Biggen was enthralled by the tales of Cayden. He strongly believed that no man should hold power over another, and went so far as to leave jobs unfinished rather than violate his principles. This rang true to Biggen's own feelings and thoughts and he swore to spread Cayden's message paired with Ragathiel's own teachings. He would try to live as he could to both Ragathiel's and Cayden's edicts. "I have seen what slavery can do to a man, I will never keep one, nor suffer one to be kept. "Biggen came to hold freedom and good in high regard, and opposes tyranny and oppression on principle. He willingly accepts challenges when they are issued, although not as a point of honor; he sees no shame in retreating when necessary if it suits his duty and morals. Stupidity does not equal bravery, and bravery should never be sought at the bottom of a keg. Ragathiel's symbol is a bastard sword crossed with a crimson wing, Biggen keeps his hair died crimson and has a tattoo of a crimson wing on the palm of his blade wielding hand - for when he wields his bastard sword with this hand, he can strike at foes with the weight of Ragathiel. "The Lucky Drunk"'s symbol is represented as a tankard, and Biggen wears one at his belt, for luck as well as practicality. His active credo is "For what man is a man that does not make the world better?"Time came for Biggen, now 16 to move on from the group and continue his quest and Biggen's search for the justice and truth of what occurred that night has led him towards the kingdom of Alarand. The combination of word of his inquisition and his out right refusal to hide his allegiances to Ragathiel and Cayden Cailean have landed him in irons and a traitor of the Empire. ~halfling @paladin%Th'udd Fukkbeard of the Fukkbeard clan was just a wee lil dwarf of 10 years old when his entire family was slaughtered trying to punch a fire giant to death. Or so it seemed... Earlier that year, Th'udd's father Greatbush Fukkbeard had decided to make Th'udd the heir to the Fukkbeard clan, despite being adopted after appearing on the mountain's trail one day. This GREATLY angered the original heir, Greatbush II, as Th'udd was "just some mange ridden mongrel we found in the woods." Greatbush II began plotting revenge against his father, and most importantly Th'udd. He led the clan (sans Th'udd) to the fire giant's lair and shiftily escaped before the altercation began. To this day Th'udd knows not what happened to his brother, but he has vowed to become the strongest in the world in order to finish what his clan started by punching a fire giant to death. ~dwarf @fighter%Juniper Morningleaf is an 18 year old lightfoot halfling from Dim's Hollow, a forested hamlet in a valley to the east of Halfrock. Dim's Hollow maintains a comfortable economy cultivating moonglow, a phosphorescent spore native to the region that is prized by nearby nobles for its decorative appeal. When Baron Davius of Halfrock launched a program to evict the residents of Dim's Hollow and harvest moonglow more aggressively, Juniper lead a small band of halflings on raids of trickery against the Baron's men, eventually convincing them that the forest was cursed and driving them out. The halflings of the Hollow were thrilled to be able to go back to their peaceful lives, but after his success Juniper began to feel that he was called to something more. He set off into the world carrying only his trusty staff and a knife given to him by his father and accompanied by Thunder, his riding dog and oldest friend. As he left, he swore to use whatever skills he had to combat the oppression of the common people wherever he found it.After a year on the road, Juniper and Thunder have found themselves in Greenest. They've discovered that oppression is a much more ambiguous thing than they had previously imagined, and that the life of a wandering hero is considerably more challenging than life in the Hollow. Juniper is embarrassed to admit that he's had to resort to petty theft to keep himself fed and housed, though he hastens to add that he makes sure to only steal from people that look like they have a surplus of wealth, and that those people are probably oppressing the common people anyway. ~halfling @rogue%He was born illegitimately in a very uptight kind of town. His mother had left him on the doorstep of a nobleman's house. The nobleman had found him several hours later, and instead of nurturing him, he was put in a sewer section underneath his house. Here is where he grew up. Being fed once a week, he learned to survive off of the detritus and small creatures. It is also where he acquired his insanity, and his only source of light was a grate underneath a road. Soon, as he grew older, he was used as a living pet, an attraction for the nobleman's mistresses. After 17 years, he couldn't handle the sewer anymore. He needed to be free. He had spent his entire life in the darkness of the small grated area of sewer. He had spent his life learning, listening to the different languages and customs. He learned how to stealthily prey on smaller creatures, he learned that he wanted to be free. Soon he gained his bearings on concepts of time. Once every week a tray of meager food would be placed near the only door, and an arm would come out to place it. For several days he waited, and listened, until he heard footsteps, and then saw the arm outstretch above him to place the food. He opened his jaws, and bit down. This is about the time he began eating human/sentient flesh. Having bit down, he ripped the mans arm off and soon began to eat it. The nobleman came through rapier in hand, not noticing his monster lurking in shadows. The last thing he heard was a low growling sound before being attacked. The rogue was now free, and took part of his deep red garb and made it into his ragged hood and lower body garb. Once escaped, he was initially blinded, but then saw the beauty in the world, and began doing odd jobs and preying on the rich. After some time, he was in a different city, far from his start point, eating garbage when a group of warriors had just defeated the gladitorial champion were walking back to their ship. After catching sight of the unsettling creature, they saw a usefulness in him, and he soon became part of their team. ~tiefling @rogue%Abandoned at birth he was found very early to have a knack for magic. He found out about creatures known as Liches and decided early on to dedicate his life to becoming one. So he studied the school of necromancy, dedicating himself to its darker arts, vowing to one day become the Lich. ~gnome @wizard%He hated evil with a passion and worshiped a  god called Toss boss. As a child his father had experimented on him, which is why the half dragon thing. Before leaving home to become an adventurer he killed his father for his transgressions. Taking from his body only a ring as a keepsake of the horrors of his childhood (ring eventually turned out to be the scholars ring, which gave him the ability to read and speak every language despite only knowing common and being unable to read). ~halfling @barbarian%Úlfhéðnar was named by his father after the sacred warriors of Odin. Murals and songs of great, barbarous warriors in wolf skins were the stories passed onto the growing dwarf. He was raised with a firm hand and stout ale for the first fifty years of his life in clan Stormurgerir (Stormrend).He would spend the next century of his life fighting in many battles, and braving the wild under the mountain and above, for the honor of his kinsmen and dwarf kind at large. Stormurgerir is an undermountain tribe of nomads that transverse untamed underlands, valleys, and mountain ranges. There, they face the forces of nature with a mutually grim respect. A Stormurgerir is the alpha predator and recognizes no greater hunter.Úlfhéðnar hopes to honor his father in all things that he does. In keeping with this, he seeks truly worthy foes of dwarven kind so that he may live and die with valor. Death for courageous Stormurgerir is the welcoming of an old ally and an invitation to the halls of one's forefathers in the great beyond. Úlfhéðnar wakes before dawn, brushing snow from his tunic and sharpening his blade, each day in hopes of achieving a valorous and honorable death. Until then, he will harness the fury of his fathers, telling tales of the Stormurgerir to the wind in the swinging of his axe. ~dwarf @barbarian%on a ship at sea with her parents, when the ship was beset by a particularly nasty storm. While her parents died as a result of the ship foundering and going down from the violence of the storm, they were able to get Meriele to a raft made from part of the ship. She was rescued by the crew of the privateer ship Dragons Tooth.The crew took to Meriele, and considered her a mascot, and raised her on the ship. As she got older, she started participating with the crew in running the ship and working during raids on other ships, earning over time a reputation in her own right.After fleeing an encounter with an foreign military ship, the privateer ended up wrecked on the reef around the island that the warrior monk Order of the Mithral Hand was based on.Meriele was (again) the only survivor of the wreck, and was severely wounded and nursed back to health by the warrior monks.Exposure to the monks, and their philosophy, Meriele spent her healing time thinking about her past, and came to the realization that her destiny isn't to be a pirate or privateer, but to do good for other people as both the privateers and monks have done for her.To this end, after taking vows with the monks and completing her initial training in the Order of the Mithral Hand, Meriele has left the island and is working to atone for her poor choices in early life and to help others. ~elf @monk%One night he lost his wife and newborn son in childbirth and something started to slowly unhinge in his mind. That night he tried to drink away his sorrow and ended up killing a man in a bar fight.Fleeing to the mountains so as to avoid execution, Kharad dealt with the self-imposed guilt of his wife and son's death. He lived in the cold mountain range for many years, befriended a strong, ancient dire-ram he named Khuld (the name of his son).One day, Kharad and Khuld were scavenging for herbs in the mountains foothills. He came upon the sounds of fighting. Upon inspection he found a weakened man battling a great Rune Bear (magical dire bears marked by magic radiation). Kharad and Khuld saved the man, but Khuld died in the process.The man turned out to be a creature of the Feyweld, deceived and weakened by political enemies and left in this world to die. The Fey's name was Magnen and he was an official of the Unseelie court. He felt inclined to reward Kharad for saving him but, being Unseelie, did so in a twisted fashion.He planted with Kharad a seed of magic. Powers that would one day be great and powerful, but did not alert Kharad of this. As far as Kharad was concerned, all the Fey did was break off the horn of his closest friend, Khuld, hollow it out, enchant it with some magic, and left.Kharad was stricken with grief and rage. That night he buried Khuld. Holding his horn in his hands, Kharad became consumed by rage. The horn grew hot and flames erupted around Kharad, lighting the nearby trees aflame, but Kharad was unhurt.It was then that Kharad realized what had happened. Kharad packed up his camp, and set out to avenge his friend, control his power, and combat the Unseelie court. ~elf @sorcerer%A lowly ore hauler Flint was always a dreamer, that around the next corner in his mundane life there would be adventure. But never was there any.One day however he got "selected" to be a sparring partner for the clan champion. Perhaps not quite selected, rather got ordered to report to the master of the fighter pits so the clan champion had something to hit. Then by an accident Flint managed to knock the clan champion down, even though he wasn't supposed to even attack.But in Flint's own mind he beat the clan champion fair and square and by such should be crowned the new champion. When he didn't listen to reason harsh words were said and Flint decided to leave the clan as "he already was the champion of it" and the elders were "hindering the growth of his legend".So out into the world he went to forge his legend and make it into song. Already when the party met him he had an assortment of "legendary" gear ~dwarf @bard%Arkimia Archleone never had enough, growing up. She never went hungry, at least not too hungry, or too cold in the winter, but for her it was never enough. Too proud to beg and for that line of work, she became a fence for stolen goods, starting small at first, but gradually working her way up to mid-sized goods.Things went well until the old need for more, always more, came back. As a tiefling, she had some skill for magicks in her blood, and so she kept the next tome on magic that came her way, thinking of becoming a wizard.It was not that sort of book.That night, in her sleep, some thing visited her, offered her the power to take what she wished, if she only swore to its service. She did so happily, and when she woke it was to the feeling of power filling her skull, burning like fire.She doesn't regret becoming what she is, but wonders what her new boss - not master, never master - wants. ~tiefling @warlock%-Markul Milner is from a reasonably well-to-do but uninvolved family who had hopes for Markul to become a wizard, and therefore enrolled Markul as a wizard's apprentice much like how kids are sent to boarding school.-Markul was neither talented in magic nor diligent in learning it, but possesed an overconfidence that led him to feel as if he was being held back by his teacher wizard. This led Markul to frequently steal from the wizard and constantly try spells that he had no permission to try. This, in turn, led to frequent punishment.-Markul eventually learned to hide his feelings and make it seem like his previous shenanigans were simply a lack of maturity. Instead, he began to spy on the wizard. Doing this Markul found that the wizard was communing with Urotsukidoji, The Overfiend.-Markul was both horrified by the prospect of making pacts with devils and furious that the wizard would hide this path to power from him. Markul continued to spy and learn about Urotsukidoji until, one night after the wizard left, Urotsukidoji spoke to him. Urotsukidoji flattered Markul's ability/ambition and told Markul that if he were to kill his wizard master, he could serve The Overfiend.-Markul craved the power Urotsukidoji could grant him but did not actually desire to kill the wizard. Markul eventually convinced himself that killing the wizard would not actually be an evil act, since the wizard was clearly taking an evil path. Markul would instead pretend to follow the demon but plans to prevent the fiend's goals in the end.-Markul murders the wizard and takes his place as The Overfiend's servant. This crime being committed, Markul flees his hometown. ~human @warlock%His family has lived in the city for over 4000 years, going on 7 generations of Thaloins living there. They are a medium noble house, and have been on a steady rise from the merchant class to noble for the past 2000 years.Valadil was very smart, and his family enrolled him in one of the city's prominent Arcane Schools. He was expected to become a great wizard, but nobody could have guessed he had absolutely no aptitude for Wizard Spells. His arcane knowledge was excellent (for his age) and he passed the classes easily, except when it came to aptitude tests. For some reason, he could never get the spells to actually cast. His family pulled him from the school and had him enrolled with a private tutor.Little did Valadil know, but his family has been a leading member of the Seared Ember Cult, a massive organization worshiping Huvengoth, Devil Lord of Deception. The normal process for his family would have been to train him as a Wizard, and then slowly bring him into the cult, but due to his failure they brought him in early and bound him more closely to their master than anyone before him (Warlock - Infernal Pact).Within a year, Valadil had not only mastered the basics of his Magic, he had also been able to use his masters gift to unlock his Wizard Magic (High Elf wizard cantrip). He spent long hours convincing others that he had finally gotten the hang of wizard spells, and would enroll in the school once his private tutor said he was ready (Deception, pretend to be wizard)During this time, he also became an important member of the cults underground operations (Criminal Background). He spent much of his time learning to fence goods and facilitate contracts. Over the years, he became an invaluable member of the cults shady operations, and moved up in rank within the cult.Soon word spread to the city of Eternal Dusk that a new continent had been discovered across the great sea (Adventure reason from DM). Realizing how much an early foothold on this new land's black market would increase the cults cash flow and reputation, Valadil was dispatched to establish new trade routes/black markets on this new land. ~elf @warlock%His father was a human and his mother was an Orc. He rejected his human side and Joined his villages militia or army (whatever they had) but during the war ended up fleeing. He seeks redemption from his God by destroying his foes after being a coward. Unknown to him, he has a half-elf brother named Eli who is in his adventuring party. His father was kind of a crazy whore. Bob also once tried to have relations with a dragon. ~half-orc @barbarian%When he was a boy, he hated the idea of being tied to demon magic (he is very well read, as his mom is a teacher), so he tried to saw off his horns, which failed miserably. Once he realized he could not remove his heritage, he adopted the name Vigil and vowed to combat it by being Good.He enlisted in the army as soon as he could, but was a very poor soldier (which is why he was still level 1 at age 52) because no one trusted him enough to train with him (if you saw a demon in camp, you probably wouldn't exactly warm to him), and he was assigned meaningless duties like mess and guard duty. After gritting his teeth and waiting to be recognized for over a decade, he grew frustrated with the army and left.The next period of life saw him fall deep into darkness, no longer fighting against his evil heritage (more of a perceived disposition than an actual dark side, up to this point). He roamed the lands as a marauder and Highwayman, taking what he wanted and not caring for anyone's life, not even his own. After many years of this, he saw a bent old man traveling all alone. Sensing an easy target, he attacked.He awoke propped up against a tree, the old man bent over him looking into his eyes. "Just kill me," he said. The old man told him he would not, as he knew there was a great power within him that could be used for good. Disbelieving, the tiefling again asked to be put out of his misery (as he was in no shape to fight or flee). The man ignored him and carried him to an abbey of mages, where he was treated and cared for.Finally finding respect (from most of the mages, anyway), he became Vigil once more, dedicated to good, but now with renewed purpose and newfound power. He studied there for several years, learning a bit of magic and incorporating it into his daily routine.After a time, he grew restless in the abbey, and set off in search of adventure in response to dark changes in the world. ~tiefling @fighter%Arzarin's parents are Waterdhavian wizards - one Chondathan human mother (Raltyn Windsailor) and one moon-elf father (Versal Ruathal). Both are instructors at the mage academy of the Watchful Orders of Magists and Protectors, and it is because of them that Arzarin has been steeped in all things wizarding from childhood. Arzarin was, in fact, born in Waterdeep.Elves and half-elves are from time to time made in Corellon Larethian's androgynous, sometimes-depicted-as-hermaphroditic image, and Arzarin was either lucky or unlucky to be born with completely ambiguous genitalia, depending on whom, out of the few people who know, you ask. (It is for this reason that Arzarin's patron deity is Corellon Larethian, even though hir parents worship Selune (Raltyn)/Sehanine Moonbow (Versal), as the young half-elf derives an enhanced sense of comfort and belonging from it.) Arzarin's gender identity is also, concomitantly, neither male nor female.Being a half-elf is not terribly easy already - humans are too hasty and too shortsighted, and elves move too slowly and are stuck in the mire even if they are good at taking the long view. Arzarin does not find it particularly easy to deal with the less wise members of either race, although Arzarin's patience is great (teach a barbarian to read? Perfect.). Arzarin has developed a rather cosmopolitan worldview as the consequence of living at metaphorical intersections.So the little half-elf grew up straddling a number of things - races, genders and sexes, Arzarin's contended with it all. Luckily, being a half-elf with a very wise human for one parent and an elf for the other, Arzarin was fairly privileged in that even at its worst, the two difficult trials of growing up both as a mixture of two races and outside the Faerunian gender binary was made about as easy as it could be. It still wasn't easy, but Arzarin could always go to Mom and Dad for help. It also helped that Arzarin was a very brilliant, observant child and good with social skills, so Arzarin quickly learned to use wiles and wit to defuse harrowing social situations with other children, being generally too weak to hold up well in a physical altercation (in fact, Arzarin has always had a glass jaw and strongly prefers to make powerful, ranged magic attacks to keep enemies at bay. When it gets to a melee situation, Arzarin is almost useless!).Arzarin was drawn to wizardry for a few reasons: A bright mind needs to vacuum up knowledge, and Arzarin loved to learn. It is for this reason that Divination is Arzarin's focus, in particular, in addition to Arzarin's choice of wizardry as a profession. Wizarding is a more scholarly practice of magic than the other classes, and Arzarin is a consummate scholar above all. Knowledge is also the primary way in which Arzarin learned to cope with the difficulties of the unique life that the universe had tossed the young half-elf's way, in addition to being able to exert enough charm to have some supportive friends.Outside of combat, Arzarin is all charm and smiles and brains. Arzarin may disguise hirself as one of a pair of twins - the male Arzair Windsailor or the female Arzara, and in fact, there are a handful of people out there who have no idea that they are the same person merely avoiding ill effects from the closed-minded. In combat, Arzarin is kind of a coward and likely to try to talk to the fiend if it speaks any of the languages Arzarin speaks, and would probably use someone with better STR or CON as a shield of sorts, choosing to protect the party with ranged or large area attacks and using divination to figure out the target's weak spots. If a fiend actually lays a hand on Arzarin, the wizard is probably toast.Having just reached Phandalin, Arzarin, unbeknownst to the rest of the party, died in the goblin ambush on the way - and also unbeknownst to the rest of the party, was revived through the intervention of Corellon Larethian and revealed to be a Chosen of the Coronal of Arvandor. What impact this will have on the still-green adventurers has yet to be seen, but it appears the party as a whole may be full of truly special folk and have a yet more epic story in their future, and this is just the first sign... ~half-elf @wizard%born from a tribe where no outside influences happened as they wandered in an isolated location. While the tribe had internal squabbles, they evolved being fairly peaceful, redirecting their "rage of Gruumsh" to hunting instead.His human parent was among the traveling merchants looking for a new trade route to establish. They had intended to trade with a possible, although purely theoretical, settlement of dwarves living on the mountains but instead found the orcs living on the other side. The results were unexpected, but the trade was successful. Eventually, one of them mingled with the orcs and my half-orc was born.As for personal history, the half-orc stayed with the tribe for most of his childhood. Here, the half-orc learned how to hunt in the wild from the elders and a bit of magic from the tribe's shamans. He had a hard time trying to keep up with his kin's superior strength, but his stubbornness allowed the elders to see something in him. He eventually completed the test of the coming-of-age through skill and craftiness while retaining the "rage of Gruumsh" within him, acknowledging that while he is only of half blood, he is the full son of Gruumsh and a true orc.He left to travel with his human parent afterwards. He was enrolled to a Dwarf apothecary's care where he studied how to make and prescribe medicines. The dwarf actually had a deep hatred with orcs, but because of his isolation from society, the parent thought it was the best place for the half-orc to spare him of prejudice of a bigger community. The half-orc's stubbornness eventually grew on the dwarf and eventually he learned more from him than just apothecary work. It was also here where the half-orc came to realize his love of beer.Nowadays, the half-orc is an active member in a guild recommended by the dwarf, although he tends to go alone in the woods due to mostly being alone throughout his life. He uses his ranger skills to look for fresh ingredients before coming back to craft medicines and drink beer. It isn't until one fateful day when this will all change (when will this happen, I have yet to know). ~half-orc @ranger%As a result he was a fast-talker, foolishly curious, and sometimes risked a lot (through action or inaction) just to "see how things play out." Contrasting the angst of half-elf children, both he and his Gnome family embraced his differences in a very constructive way, so he was very carefree and self-assured.He left his home with the intention of learning how tall-folk got by, so he could learn strengths his Gnomish family couldn't teach him. And he got so swept up with the sights, so deeply focused on the present circumstances and his clerical duties as a constructive agent of chaos, that he never went back. ~human @cleric%The third and youngest son of a duke, Reynard is a 'spare son'. This means that he got all the benefits of being a noble, without the responsibilities, albeit at the cost of not being a heir and being destined for political marriage.When the big day came, Reynard was set out to marry some chinless girl from a very good family. Unfortunately, being a rather.... hedonistic and rowdy fellow, his bachelor party got a bit out of hand; there was an incident involving three prostitutes, a boy and a goat. When word came out, the wedding was called off and, now being useless to the family, Reynard was disowned.So Reynard set out for a life of adventure, figuring that was the best way to have fun. He is incredibly haughty and arrogant, disdainful of commoners but his reputation among the nobility is too awful to get as much as an audience with a minor noble. ~human @rogue%His father, Joseph Rico, believed himself infertile and clever enough to trick a devil. Gambled away the soul of his first-born child for warlock pact powers. Thinking he had beat a devil at its own game, celebrated with his then wife Elhonna, an elf barmaid. Intimacies later, when Elhonna announced she was pregnant several weeks later, Joseph left. He never wanted children.When Rinn was nine years old, he showed the touch of the arcane and was sent to the boarding school in the city Ostwick, The Ostwick School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. In his first-year class under the study of Professor Hogwarts, his first week's presentation was to use Prestidigitation to light a candle. Instead, a 5th-level Fireball went off, killing everyone in the room except for himself and Professor Hogwarts.Initially believed to be an act of terror, Rinn was investigated and charged with murder and terrorism. With the first-hand testimony of Professor Hogwarts, he was found to have blood cursed with wild magic, and cleared of any ill intent; saved a punishment of execution. Rinn was then sent to live and study under a professional acquaintance of Professor Hogwarts and expert in wild magic surges - a gnome named Terry.Several years of intense study and meditation practices to contain his exceptional abilities, Rinn had become somewhat of a quiet and withdrawn sorcerer.One day Terry received a letter from his esteemed colleague Gundren Rockseeker in need of help delivering some goods through somewhat hostile territory. Rinn offered immediately to go in Terry's stead, after receiving a letter from his mother Elhonna with information on his fatherless upbringing, and the name Joseph Rico.Rinn now adventures, fighting evil and helping the helpless, with two questions burning in his mind; Where is Joseph Rico, and why am I cursed? ~half-elf @sorcerer%The Superus household is a wealthy and noble household with almost a thousand family members with the oldest ones being almost 900 years old. The house doesn't swim in prosperity because of chance though. The family is known for having protection and guidance from the greek god Athena. Athena does this by choosing 8 members from the family to both give access to her power and be guided by having her control them from time to time.Caelum lives in a kingdom in Elven garde with both his parents and his little sister who's 5 years younger. They both usually played together and were like friends. One day though, the current leader of the household being blessed by Athena, died of old age, meaning they had to choose someone new. They said the one who can gather more wealth than the old leader ever could, would be the next. The next day though, Caelum woke up, not with his normal blue eyes, but with golden instead. He felt less emotional, but he felt knowledge flowing through him like a stream of power. Being incredibly successful in everything, his parents adored him. Giving him all the attention, which his sister ultimately got displeased about.One day though, his mother caught a disease, making her unable to speak or leave bed at all. This was then something in his sister snapped, making her plan her brothers death. Their father soon figured out and come to the conclusion their daughter was possessed and cursed his wife. Leading to him, executing his own daughter in front of the household, to everyone's approval. Caelum didn't know the reason though. "He's too young to know the truth" was what they said. Time passed. While he wanted to cry, his eyes turned blue, but when he wanted to feel strong in his mind, his eyes went golden.He soon began to create hatred for his father and began his plot to resurrect his sister. While he did do it successfully, he then realized that his sister actually was possessed. The demon saw potential in Caelum, therefore possessed him. Athenas protection shielded of half of the possession, only giving the demon half control. Caelum's eyes turned purple, and the demon as thanks fulfilled his wish. He therefore hung Caelum's father by the neck, the same way they executed his sister, while making it seem like suicide.Not so long after that, he decided to venture out to the world to gain wealth and become the next leader. Half possessed by a sadistic and manipulative demon, himself being happy always in the arms of his sister, and guided by the emotionless goddess of knowledge who's only concern involves the protection of the family. ~elf @cleric%He started life doing typical gnomey things, but after hearing a tale from a wandering adventurer, decided that adventure was exactly what he was missing. So he set out, looking for high risk, high reward situations. During one adventure, he ended up obtaining a sentient maul with a female personality, whose name is Thunderclap. Thunderclap communicates telepathically, and, being highly opinionated, frequently argues with Leonal. So it tends to look like Leonal is ranting and raving at himself when actually he's talking to his maul. Leonal is the Guild Master of one of 3 local guild, his is called the Burning Oath, which he took over after its founder retired. He treats everyone who joins as family and is very protective of them. He's exceptionally good natured, but once he's pushed too far, look out. And he's got the power to back himself up. He is one of the most powerful people in my world. ~gnome @barbarian%He had a pretty decent life, no angst, loyal to his country of magocracy, making a good military career, a father who is still alive, and a mother who died of old age, but lived a happy life. Until one black ops went real bad because things were worse than the agency anticipated.Result was a huge scandal, about three hundred deaths, a district covered in blood and huge pile of bodies, a prestigious noble house (the black ops target, famous for mathematical magic, its member of alchemist and wizards, and biology research) dissolved, all of its member murdered. Government wants this thing "never had happened before".So everything about him, his team, the ops was erased permanently. Name, records, stricken out. He and his team were exiled. The team went separate ways.He started out new as a "adventurer for hire". A little cold from what his country did to him, but understood that it has to be done. What more important is that he knew what happened during the ops, and if it ever came out. Millions will die. His goal is to live on, find a way to reunite the team, and make sure there are no loose ends from that ops.The black ops detail is simple: A noble house was secretly conducting a research on magic, the mission is to ascertain that it is safe and legal, and if its not. Grab evidence, report back, gov will take it from there. If things gets out of hands or it turns out really dangerous, put a permanent stop to it.Turns out the house was researching chaos theory, and bloodline magic. They can calculate precisely and exactly how the events can turn out using hypothetical mathematics. Also they can target spells through bloodlines. If they want to curse the father, they could just put it on the son, and the spell will run its course. They already secretly put magical runes on random pedestrians of a district and plan to run experiment the same night the ops went.The team decided to kill everyone involving this including the doomed pedestrians, also other members of the house to prevent any revenge attempts. Blew the mansions sky high, destroy any slightest trace of both researches. ~halfling @rogue%Gaeus Jule is your average warrior. He was raised in a shack by a family that was at one point middle class, but with the financial burden of a child, they fell into poverty. His parents raised him to be honest and kind, and he was gentle and softspoken during his childhood. At age 17, he was drafted into the King's army to repel the invading orcs. He became a war hero, earning 21 medals by the end of combat for feats of bravery and sacrifice. He was the sole survivor from his unit. After that, he became even more reserved, traveling home and staying with his parents in that shack until they passed away, and continuing to live there after it began to rot. He is 47 now, and suffers from severe ptsd. He hardly sleeps, and when he does it can't be against a wall--anything could be hiding behind it. Every sound sets him on edge, and though he is still trusting (with a good standing in the nearby city) he resorts to violence all too often. He recognizes these flaws and hates himself for It. hes taken up sword once again, and a few trinkets from his old platoon. His only desperate quest now is to find someone to bring back his Friends. necromancy, gods, deals with the devil--his own life doesn't matter, he's lived in hell long enough. ~human @fighter%Lucy was the daughter of the town's librarian, and she was a happy, excitable girl who loved to read. She read story after story about the heroes of myth and legend, and she wondered at the various characters and heroes. She didn't care about the noble knights and great warriors, to her the true heroes were the magicians, the wizards, the witches. They could do far more than fight, they could help people all around. She dreamed of being just like those wizards, just like those heroes. However, it was just that, a dream. There were no wizards in her town, none to teach her anyway, and her parents didn't have nearly enough money to send her to a magical academy. She resolved herself and worked hard in her Library, but hope was running out. Then, she got her big break. ~tiefling @warlock%He was the son of an inkeeper and his wife, the youngest of three children. Like his sister, he attended the Royal College, training to be a bard, while his brother joined the army. Over the years, his skill improved continually, though it never matched the talents of his eldest sibling, who was something of a celebrity in her own right. However, due in part to his skill, and in part to his sister's reputation, he was granted a chance to play before the royal family.On the night of the performance, he was approached by an old friend. They begged him to sneak them into the palace, just to see it. Eventually, he relented. However, in the midst of his performance, there came screams from elsewhere within the castle. His friend was discovered within the chambers of the Crown Princess, who had taken ill and retired before the performance.As their people did not practice execution, both were sentenced to exile. The 'friend' who had committed the offence elected to leave immediately, while the bard took a day to apologize and say goodbye to his family. Just before he departed, though, the princess approached him. She had discovered a powerful spell torn out of her spellbook, and realized that the 'friend' had stolen it. Telling the bard that she believed him to be largely innocent, she begged him to retrieve the spell and so restore his honour. Thus, he went into exile, wearing the princess' token, and charged with hunting down a man who had once been his closest friend. ~human @bard%Born at the time his family was murdered- the young halfling was forced into the laboring at the wheel. Here, he learned his barbaric fighting skills, as he pushed the wheel, repaired the wheel, obsessed over the wheel. By the time he was freed, the halfling had spent 150 years foregoing the wheel. He went to town to fight for wheels and to become the greatest wheel maker in the world. ~halfling @barbarian%One day his tribe decided to raid the nearby village of haflings. They hire three human heroes for getting stuff back and getting revenge.The heroes were a wizard, a paladin, and a fighter, all epic and noble warps of Tyr.The heroes made very short work of Bogo's tribe. In the end Bogo was cringing and cowering. The fighter wanted to kill him because he's a goblin and will just keep plundering. The paladin said spare him because he's begging for his life. The wizard says "I'll handle this." He hours epic on his gaes and recites the conditions:You will be a noble representative of Tyr until he becomes god of the dead.So they take Bogo with them and he apprentices for a while under the wizard until he is required to go forth.Bogo was a good super pious character that isn't a cleric/paladin. Uses seedy methods to fight for the maimed Lord and prestidigitations to teach his word. ~halfling @rogue%Rando was the son of two incredibly powerful wizards and he and his two brothers each rebeled in their own way. The Amazing Rando picked almost entirely non-combat spells and wanted to become a stage magician. His parents were so disappointed in him because they harnessed powerful magics to save the world and he used most of his magic performing tricks that could have also been done with slight of hand. ~human @sorcerer%At the age of 9, when Neverwinter was struck by a plague, his mother left him at the Temple of the Setting Sun after falling ill and disappeared. His elf father, having left years earlier on adventures, was long out of the picture.He helped out at the temple, learning about the Gods and about religion in general, though the temple wasn't dedicated to any one god. At the age of 15, the temple burned down in a huge fire and Simon was forced once more onto the streets.This time though, he had some fellow urchins with him: the half-elf Ehemon and a human girl Wyna. After 4 years living on the streets, they were recruited into The Brotherhood of the Silver Band, where life was hard, but still good.The leader of this cult, and elf by the name of Elmingor, soon started showing signs of madness and, after a short spiral of decay, commanded a sacrifice to appease the cult's patron. Simon was chosen for this sacrifice.The local chapter of The Lord's Alliance, hearing about a cult rapidly building power, recognised the risk and sent a platoon to break up the cult. They attacked on the night of Simon's sacrifice.Simon then spent the rest of his life in quiet solitude... or he likely would have, if they had managed to stop the sacrifice in time. Elmingor himself plunged the knife into Simon's heart, but when the energies around the altar faded away into nothing after a moment and with soldiers barely moments away, he had no choice but to flee.What he failed to realise is that the ritual had been inverted, due in no small part to his fellow urchin friend, Wyna, who had accidentally reversed some crucial runes on the altar. Instead of bringing the patron deity to Elmingor, it had instead sent Simon's soul to the deity's plane instead.Simon, wreathed in darkness and emptiness of a place beyond the Far Planes, saw only the silhouette of a figure, his vision dominated by a bright silver band, with a glowing red light from within it's centre. The deity spoke to him, telling him that it was the first being it had met in a countless age and it would preserve his life, granting him power, if only he would heed the deity's call when the right time came. Simon, in no position to negotiate, agreed.When the Lord's Alliance found him, his wound had disappeared, and all witnesses to the ritual had been killed by a powerful discharge of magic. Fearing the worst, they "inducted" him into the order and filed him away in a corner where he could do minimal harm if he were corrupted: the Great Library of Neverwinter. This was 3 years ago.6 months prior to LMoP, showing no signs of trouble or concern, Simon was allowed to become a proper member of the Lord's Alliance chapter that rescued him. He went to Sildar to assist him and, after Iarno managed to flee the party, Sildar assigned him to follow them and track down Iarno wherever he went and return him to justice.Now that he is no longer under the watchful eyes of the Lord's Alliance, his deity has begun to move into position, granting Simon more and more power. Soon he will grant him his Magnum Opus: the true ritual that Elmingor tried to use on simon - a ritual that will send a soul to his deity, in exchange for a fragment of the sacrificed person's knowledge, instinct and skill. ~half-elf @warlock%He is an arrogant transparent con man who is always looming for ways to find his congregation, and constantly preaches his devotion to the generic "All God." He is a total scoundrel, but the catch here is that his god is in fact real, and Sar is reincarnated by this being whenever he dies. He retains no memory of his past lives, and typically it is a different universe ~dragonborn @cleric%Has been a priest of Thor for 20 years. Uncovered corruption in his temple but was demoted and sent away. He has lost his faith in Thor and acts immorally because of that. Because of the loss in faith his powers did not always work. ~human @cleric%home was was destroyed by a rampaging horde of orcs and goblins (he's not an orphan though). he fought in many wars from a young age to defend what was left of his homeland and has a dense hatred of all orcs and goblins because he witnessed the horrors they brought with them. He is neutral good but he doesn't shy away from doing bad things, like tracking down and executing a drow who had just previously won a trial by combat, and torturing prisoners when no-one was looking. I think as a character he may be losing his sanity. ~elf @ranger%She lived in a society where each small village had a warlock, who made a pact to protect the village. But for the past few generations bandit lords had taken over. The warlocks could no longer protect the villages and were simply looked down upon and ostracized. She knew that her fate was to sell her soul and make a pact, and that terrified her. The beings that these pacts were made with were not kind... she imagined her life as a warlock would be unfulfilling and lonely and her afterlife would be full of torture and other unpleasantries.One day, her and her bestfriend stumbled upon a wizard lab in the woods, and in it was a journal very vaguely describing lichdom. When she saw that, she decided it was her way out. She could cheat death. And thus, she became a necromancer and started adventuring. ~human @wizard%Marud d'chauncy was a con artist who had drifted around town from town for most of his life, being a general n'er do well, when in a game of "chance" he won a wizard's spare spell-book, he cracked it open and realized he actually had bit of a knack for this magic stuff, but he knew no-one would take him seriously, so he crafted up the persona of Seer Charles Di'finlay of the western isles, seer to kings and queens alike. he used this persona to live a life in the upper class, and used his divination talents to gain an edge while telling the lords and ladies only the parts they wanted to hear about their future. however nothing could last forever, and when a baroness saw her way into his pants, and was caught, he quickly exited stage left. he now has a bounty on him and is in general hiding with adventuring parties to earn enough gold to clear his name, as well get some extra for himself. ~human @wizard%The basic jist is that he grew up in a down with high disparity of wealth, the poor were constantly working and budgeting for food while anyone with money was living the high life. Prolder grew up being a rowdy boy and got into a fair amount of trouble in the city, but he never did anything serious like cripple someone so he was always generally released. He was essentially forced out of town since nobody but his friends and parents would socialize with him, so he made a little hut in the outskirts of the town and became a hunter for himself in a nearby forest.People still didn't trust Prolder living so close, and the richer population pushed the Lord of the town to lock up Prolder permanently or remove him somehow. The Lord was hardly concerned with him, Prolder had never been a murderer or a serious delinquent like some of the current criminals locked up, so the Lord ended up just conscripting Prolder into a surveying mission to the North.Trained for about a month with a sword, he was given basic armor and put into a small group of 20 ish soldiers and they marched north, a could of surveyors charting out the land around them. After a couple months into their journey, Prolder and the other soldiers were attacked by a bandits. Most of the soldiers being pretty young and insociable, they couldn't organize well and were killed by the much better prepared bandits. Prolder was able to play dead and hide under a couple of fellow soldiers. Once the attack was over and he was sure everyone left, he got out of the pile and began aimlessly wandering, hoping to find his way home, but during his walks he eventually came across the Forbidden Graveyard.Summoned by the recent slaughter of the soldiers, bandits, and surveyor deaths, the inter dimensional Forbidden Graveyard opened its gates to one who was essentially dead, no records of him existing left other than word of mouth. He walked through the graveyard, looking at all the different headstones until he came across an enormous gate left ajar. Prolder peered through the gate, which was the barrier between the world of the living and the dead. He gained clarity on the processes of life, death, and rebirth all in this small visit, the knowledge of this all washing over him. He was given a choice by the grave, accept his fate and cross over into the land of the dead or return to the world of the living as a Graveborn and help escort lost souls into the afterlife. Prolder wanted to live and decided to work for the Forbidden Graveyard. He walked into the pitch black of the night and came out changed from his experiences.It took weeks of travelling to hone his magical powers, but he was eventually able to manifest the powers of the graveyard into his palm and manipulate it. Prolder's main goal is to escort the substitute for his soul into the afterlife, the Lord that forced him into service will be sent in payment in return for the truths and powers given to him. ~half-orc @warlock%parents died and now he wants to spread darkness across the world. ~tiefling @warlock%he's an ex shadow assassin, who has fled his homeland and been a migrant farmhand the last decade, explaining his poor stats but access to high level abilities. Upper middle aged, calloused, barefoot, and haunted by his past, he seeks redemption, but is absolutely terrified of death and cosmic justice. ~human @monk%Once upon a time there was a lonely half-elf who wasn't sure the gods existed. Then something terrible happened to her and she prayed to any god that was listening for help. Someone answered her, but she has no idea whom. When she's in trouble she still prays and hopes whoever it was is still there. Normally, she/he/it is. Our accidental cleric really hopes it's one of the nicer gods. ~half-elf @cleric%In a large battle they were ambushed by more numbers then they were expecting with mages and heavy artillery. Everyone was dying left and right, what's started off as 20 platoons of 10 was widdled down 4 platoons and a half. Thy initiated a retreat and as the half orc ran with his friend a fireball hit. Destroying his friend and blowing off his left leg. He carries the cloak of his fallen friend and has a metal peg leg that ends in a spike. He still works as a guard but no longer takes part in the war effort because the event gave him PTSD. He was hired by another old friend that got In to trade to go on a delivery with him. ~half-orc @fighter%orphaned and raised by an old dwarven Druid who taught him Druidic. He became a paladin because he needed faith and strength to help him accept the circumstances that led to him being orphaned. Now he seeks to bring justice to the ones who killed his family while being a protector to all druids. ~dragonborn @paladin%As a child he was captured and given to a very rich merchant family as a ward, he spent a lot of time with the family priest, the only person who would give him much attention.Eventually he became the family's protector. They no longer had to hire bodyguards as they had this live in half-orc who knew how to swing a warhammer and cast spells.One day he was traveling alone with the family's eldest son, Josen. Josen wasn't very smart or strong but he was next in line to take over the business and Valt still loved him like a nephew.They were attacked by goblins on the road, Valt shouted "stay behind me!" as Josen ran off and was struck by an arrow and was killed.Valt blamed himself, the family blamed him, they disgraced his name and made sure he never found work in town again.Until he was in a tavern and bumped into three adventurers who were looking for some muscle and some healing for a job. ~half-orc @cleric%She was raised in the Underdark and learned guitar from a young age. Being quite spontaneous and hyperactive even as she grew, music helped her to focus her mind and be able to think carefully about things. However, once she grew into adulthood she realised that her calling was not with the malevolent beings in the Underdark, so she managed to pull her way out of the Abyss and find a way to the surface world.Once she arrived, she had only the clothes and guitar on her back, and began to perform for money and board. An old Bard heard of her exploits and summoned her to his home where she studied the art of Bard spellcasting, and created short chords she could play to cast spells. She continued to travel around, doing odd jobs for adventurers and performing until the current day. ~tiefling @bard%He is from an influential clan in the home brew world that the campaign is set in. When he was young the clans mines and strong hold were collapsed in an earth quake and he was the only surviving family member. He was raised by a friend of his fathers who was a cleric of tempus. He grew up and in an attempt to clear rubble and reopen the way into his family's strong hold he used smoke powder (aka gunpowder) to make the worlds first explosive, and without out testing it or even knowing the full potential of the amount of powder he packed tried to clear the pathway back into his family's strong hold and mines. The blast was much larger and more powerful than he expected and the tunnel collapsed and pinned him crushing his left leg. He had to eventually amputate it to get out after no one came looking for him after a few days. After this he vowed to use his martial prowess and powers as a cleric to work as a mercenary and fund the excavation of his ancestral home. ~dwarf @cleric%Bonesnap was kept and trained at birth to be a fighter, whereas Bonestab and Bonecrunch were given away, sold as slaves. Bonecrunch and myself were then brought up as slaves for labor, until we were old enough to fight as pitfighters. Unfortunately, it was only a matter of time, however, that Bonestab was to fight his own brother, Bonecrunch, to the death. He didn't want to, but it was his only choice and he had to fight to survive. Bonestab ended up killing his own brother, but in his anger, he managed to escape his slavers, bringing his brothers body with him for a proper burial. Once free, he kept the front piece of Bonecrunch's skull, and wears it as a mask to remind him of his past (also to cover up his horribly scarred and disfigured face). He wandered the wilderness for some time, abandoning his old life of anger and meaningless brutality. Eventually, he came upon a monk monastery, who finally agreed to take him in, training him in the Way of the Sun Soul, as long as he agreed to be an acolyte of their tradition.With his newfound abilities, and extended training, he set off to explore the land he never got to see. Somewhere along the line (this is where the story is a little undeveloped) he reunited with his brother Bonesnap, who now travels by his side. Together they roam the forgotten realms, helping cities and villages any way they can. ~half-orc @monk%Bob is a human who's always been fascinated with magic. In his youth, he had always heard about the powerful magic of elves, and sought out an Elven master to teach him the ways of the Arcane.It's been almost two decades now, and a middle-aged Bob is still learning the basics. He can not, for the life of him, figure out why his master won't advance him, and so he leaves his master in frustration, deciding that he could learn more out in the world than with his master.Little did Bob know, his Elven master was rather ignorant of the shorter life spans of Humans. The Elf just assumed that Humans lived hundreds of years, so he figured Bob could spend a couple decades perfecting the basics. ~human @wizard%Bandor Rex was born for glory. He was raised on the many tales and deeds of his ancient blood line told to him by his sage like grandfather. Armed with a powerful family heirloom blade his grandfather passed down, Bandor has set out into the world to fight evil with the confidence of a champion. With the ancient blood of heroes pumping through his veins, there is no way he can fail. Or so he believes.In reality, Bandor is carrying an old longsword given to him by his senile old Grandfather. There is no heroes blood in him. His family have a long history of tending gardens.The running joke is he believes his family name is special, but no one has ever heard of them. Everywhere he goes his history of battles and location specific information is wrong.Eventually though, he just might make his family name recognizable and become a warrior in his own right. ~dwarf @fighter%A mysterious old man, Mao travels the world as a charlatan, telling false fortunes and cheating commoners out of their gold at games of chance. He keeps his magical prowess a secret, appearing as an average commoner to the untrained eye. He seeks not fortune nor fame but wanders from town to town because he enjoys it. ~human @wizard%Formerly an executioner for a distant kingdom. He fucking loved his job so much that eventually he started to get carried away, torturing his victims well beyond the punishments decided by the courts. After a particularly gruesome execution where the accused suffered for days afterward, he was dismissed of his position and banished from the kingdom. ~half-orc @barbarian%A young teen who was impressed by how all the woman in his small town seemed to flock to a bard who stopped by, determined by raging teenage hormones he decides to pick of the craft so one day woman will flock to him. ~human @bard%a common foot solder who forced into retirement at the end of his 4th tour of duty realized the army was the only family hes ever had. ~human @fighter% claustrophobic dwarf who will do near anything to ensure he doesn't have to spend his life in the mines. ~dwarf @barbarian%A fur trapper who can no longer has use of his or her preferred hunting grounds because a corrupt noble now holds claim to the forest and any animals who live in it. ~human @ranger%A half orc who was raised by his hermit mother (she isolated herself to hide from the shame) he never knew he was any different than any human until his mother passed and he decided to strike out on his own. ~half-orc @barbarian%A writer who in attempt to get over his or her extreme writers block decides to set out into the world in search of inspiration. ~elf @bard%A cook who after years and years making delicious meals out of the most bland ingredients possible finds out he or she has innate spell casting abilities. ~halfling @sorcerer%a farmer who while plowing his field found dirt an old relic of some sort in the soil. When he touched it in a bright flash he released a long forgotten god who has been trapped by enemies for untold eons. The god grants him visions for a while that urge him to re-found his church. Making the farmer the first cleric of said god in 1,000's of years. He levels up by gaining more followers to the church thus making the god more powerful and able to give more powerful blessings in the form of spells and abilities. ~halfling @cleric%An apprentice wizard kicked out of the academy for whatever reason finds work with a traveling circus performing minor tricks and illusions. for whatever reason the circus disbands and now he finds himself in a far off land with no home and few friends. ~human @wizard% a young kid who always idealized paladins ever since a knight in shining armor saved his town or family from some outside threat. On his 15th birthday he sneaks out and decides to fulfill his destiny, which in his mind is to become a paladin and serve the greater good. ~human @paladin%A feral child who was raised by wolves becomes a druid because his life is so attuned to nature. He or she prefers to spend as much time as possible in wolf form. But eventually the pack lets on that he or she is an outsider and must find a pack where they truly belong. ~human @druid%an orphan who lives in a monastery is told he or she can no longer live there or recieve teachings until they go out into the world and prove they can keep their anger in check ~human @monk%a contest winner who needs to travel to the other side of the continent to claim their prize. Was the contest real? is there a prize at all? ~human @bard%Born poor in a small village on the edge of the desert wilderness bordering the lands of Selvynia, Thrak'La was born into a life of violence. From an early age he knew little more than fighting for his life. Fighting for food, fighting off desert raids, fighting for freedom from local warlords. In his adolescence, the lust for the fight consumed him and at an early age of 11 he found himself conscripted to serve in battle under one of the local warlords, Gro'thak. Conquest in battle quickly became his drive for existing. Being on the front lines was the only place he found himself where he truly felt at home, and he felt no fear. Gro'thak saw his usefulness and his valor, and quickly he rose through the ranks until he was reaching the high command in service. He never saw a battle he could not win, his bloodlust never ending, his courage unwavering, his strategy flawless. A hero among the legion of his warlord, highly respect among his men and the few men in command above him. Gro'thak has become the most powerful warlord in the land of Selvynia and with no man willing to challenge him, peace became a lasting thing.Longing for the fight, as it was all he knew, Thrak'La requested leave of the lord and went out to seek glory of his own. Taking with him a small unit of his most elite & fearless soldiers, he wandered the land in search of blood. His worth as an adventurer began to rival that of his as a soldier, his ranks growing with every town they passed. What started as a small band of soldiers hunting demons & creatures from beyond the worldly plains, became an army of conscripts that followed Thrak'La everywhere he traveled with unwavering loyalty. The lust for greater battles soon turned this army of adventurers from men seeking honor in combat to a roaming band of raiders who left destruction and ruin in their wake everywhere they went. Seeing this as a threat to his realm, his old sire, Gro'thak sent out his legion to quell what he interpreted as an uprising threat to his rule, leaving all but two of Thrak'La's men dead in the fields. Betrayed & confused, the loss of so many men left Thrak'La blaming himself and fell into a void of self loathing.After years of sulking in taverns and brothels with his two remaining companions, the call for battle found itself in him again. The need for revenge found Thrak'La when an assassin of Gro'thak tracked him down to a small oasis encampment in the desert wastes and slew the younger of his two remaining companions before falling to his blade. That would be the last time, he swore to himself, that he would burn the lifeless carcass of a brother-in-arms who had fallen at the command of his former lord. So his quest to regain himself began. For revenge. For honor. ~half-orc @fighter%used to live at a monastery with absolutely bland and tasteless food. One day she saves a merchant from a pack of wolves and they share a meal together. The food was so delicious that she decided to leave the monastery and travel the world, sampling each and every meal that exists. You can probably guess what this would do to her waistline so I intended to play her as a tanky monk. ~human @monk%A cleric who was raised by ghosts. What's even weirder is he never realized it. All his life the cleric figured his parents were a really "hands off" kind of family before finally admitting to him that, yes, they're dead. He became a cleric so he can resurrect them so they can be a proper family again. ~human @cleric%A librarian was putting away books one day when he accidentally opened one that a wizard left behind filled with teleportation runes. He and half his library was warped to the other side of the world and now he has to find a way back home with no money. ~human @wizard%finds his fey eidolon, a dryad, in the rine of a banana (he's a banana farmer). Eventually he raises her as his daughter and she grows into an adorable woman. Problem is every time the half elf goes to sleep the eidolon is warped back to the First World, which she hates because of how terrifying it is. The two are out on an adventure to find a way to permanently bind the eidolon to this world. ~half-elf @sorcerer%Jonhas was a doctor in a small farming village. Not a big enough place to merit a full cleric, so a person trained in medicine was handy to have around. Jonhas ended up in this quaint little township after marrying a young tailor, Tia. She's a weaver and they have a ten-year old boy named Anton.Life was pleasant for the family. That is until a rich nobleman came through town with his bodyguards.No, nothing bad happened...A few of the men had some injuries and the nobleman asked Jonhas to tend to them. Fairly simple business. The nobleman was quite impressed with Jonhas' skill, so much so that he asked Jonhas to accompany them. The noble offered Jonhas a hefty sum, far more than Jonhas would make in the village in some time, so Jonhas agreed. Handing the gold to his wife (She always had a better head for the finances), he left to travel with the Noble and his guard.Along the road, the group were beset by vicious little lizard things (kobolds!). Jonhas did everything he could to mend the mens' wounds in the thick of things, but battle is battle and soon Jonhas found himself face to face with a monster.Figuring that blood is blood and insides are insides, Jonhas struck out with his scalpel towards a vital area. The blade sliced true, and the little lizard beast bled out at Jonhas' feet. The noble was even more impressed, and proceeded to decide that Jonhas would be with them at all times. ~human @rogue%Born the 4th of 5 children, and the 3rd son, Albrecht had no illusions about his place in the world. Born into a family that valued martial and physical might, Albrecht was born sickly and weak. His weakness made him an embarrassment to his family and his position as 3rd son meant he had no hopes of inheriting anything.While his brothers grew and trained as warriors, and his sisters educated as noble ladies, Albrecht was left alone. Of course that didn't much matter to Albrecht, who found his own passion in reading. By his early teens Albrecht began to show a talent for magic, and he was sent away to a prestigious magical academy to be trained as an officer and weapon of war. While the military focus of his training bothered him a little, the access to the library and a new wealth of knowledge easily overshadowed it.However, all good things must come to an end and Albrecht was recalled home... to marry. Now that he was no longer a family embarrassment, he was a useful pawn in the political machinations of his father. For the first time in his life Albrecht truly rebelled. Slipping away from the caravan sent to carry him home with his distinctive red leather coat billowing in the breeze, Albrecht set off to find his own path and all the knowledge he could find. ~human @wizard%Jim always wanted to be in the magic business, so he was thrilled at becoming an accountant for the prestigious Magic Inc. But what he thought would be an opportunity for magic and professional growth turned out to be slog where he desperately filed away pages of spells for his high-level wizard superiors. He was always looked down upon for just being a peon, never bound for greatness himself. The wizards always glorified how cool the life of adventure is, filling Jim with envy and disparity. But one day, Jim discovered that one page for a cantrip submitted for filing was actually printed twice... so he took it and studied, and learned he really did have a talent for magic! So he concocted his plan: stay at the firm just long enough to collect enough copies of spells before he could strike it out on his own. Eventually, he formed his own spellbook (a stapled together loose-collection of stolen company property) and quit his job to helm his own magic start up, Goldstein Arcanic Enterprises, GAE for short.Now he roams the land, trying to build his business and invite fellow adventurers to join his GAE community. Picking up the adventurers on the side to acquire additional funding and networking. And forever looking over his shoulder for the prestigious wizards of Magic Inc. hunting him down for stolen company assets. ~human @wizard%Parents are gaudy, popular politicians whose kids all went to a prestigious school and do a lot of philanthropy work. Their hearts are in the right places but they live decadent lives and people from across the kingdom revel in gossip about their lives, have fan clubs etc.My character is the worst at magic out of the family, and after one too many public scandal was used as the scapegoat. He's lived such a sheltered life that he doesn't understand he's been screwed, and basically doesn't know how tough the world is. He's naive and friendly, and though he isn't cruel he's lived in such a bubble he's unintentionally very egotistical. ~human @wizard%Sarros was a charlatan like any other, but one day, to get out of a sticky situation, he lied that he had trained for years under a Martial Arts master in a secluded, secret monk order. One thing lead to another, which lead to him teaching himself actual martial arts, all to make sure this house of cards that he created around his martial arts identity doesn't come crashing down. ~half-elf @monk%Jovegk is born to high nobility, however these are not your normal Kings and Queens. Each generation they give their firstborn son to the Temple of Kord to serve as the high Priest of the temple, reaffirming their communion with Kord.Jovegk on his trial day passes his test flawlessly showing great devotion and power stemming from his vow with Kord.However it all changes when his Uncle, the High Priest, in secret reveals that the temple has been a sham the entire time, and has maintained it without the knowledge of but the most highest in the temple.Jovegk in dismay vows to restore his faith in Kord and leaves on a mission trip to restore faith to his Temple. He keeps his family secret close to him knowing that his family's power and honor rests within their communion not only with the people, but the temple of Kord itself. ~dwarf @cleric%Nimbler was born 73 years ago in a small town in Cormyr, on the banks of a lake. When he was young, Nimbler dreamed of being a bold adventurer, and was an avid collector (and skilled reteller) of stories and lore.In his teens, he was apprenticed as a tailor. Thinking he would save money until he could afford to buy some gear and find the appropriate opportunity, he ran afoul of his master when he impregnated his teenage daughter.A 'crossbow wedding' ensued, and Nimbler ended up married to a woman he grew to dislike. He also found his profession quite boring, and would do the bare minimum after which he headed for the local inns to sing and tell stories, or even better, hear new ones. He also liked to fish.While he disliked his shrewish wife, who never stopped complaining about his lack of ambition and shortcomings as a businessman (at least compared to his father-in-law), he loved his daughter and was a doting father.The decades rolled by, and Nimbler grew resigned to his lot in life. Eventually, his father-in-law passed and Nimbler inherited the small but profitable tailor's shop. But he was a terrible businessman, so he has basically spent decades overseeing the slow demise of the business. As long as he was able to afford his ale, and to occasionally spoil his daugher (and later grandchildren) he was content.A couple of years previously, a terrible plague struck Cormyr, and Nimblers family was hit particularly hard. Both grandchildren and his beloved daughter died, absolutely gutting the tailor. His wife stopped eating, and died some months later (kind of a relief for Nimbler) and he took to getting drunk, as opposed to his usual social drinking.One rainy night, he was stumbling home in the dark when he heard a commotion in the alley beside his shop. He snuck into the front door and grabbed his heavy crossbow (Old Bess), and cautiously opened the side door. There, he saw several dead bodies and a cloaked figure bent over one of the corpses. Frightened, outraged and drunk, he lined up his crossbow and pierced the figure right through the throat.Frightened, and realizing what he'd done, he crept out and saw that the corpse the figure had been searching looked to be that of a wizard. A leather satchel was at his belt containing 4 vials and a large tome, as well as some coins.Afraid of retribution, either from allies of the cloaked figures or from the town guard for murder, he fled back inside and began fretting. Drunk and desperate, he took a sip from one of the vials while pondering his predicament. Instantly, he felt energized and with a spring in his step. He quaffed all 4 and was surprised to find himself appearing young and vigorous when he looked in the mirror. He immediately went out and got laid.Returning in the morning, he realized what danger he was in. The book (hidden under his mattress) was unreadable. In the pre-dawn light, he packed up all his belongings and the strange book and headed out of town.He traveled to Suzail where a nephew owned a fencing school, and enrolled, telling him he was a distant 2nd cousin. He has spent the last 6 months learning to fence and now feels ready to face the world and fulfill his dreams of being an adventurer.Nimbler is fastidious about his appearance, but often dresses in clothes that were incredibly fashionable like 30 years ago. He is reckless and bold, but secretly scared that whatever strange potions he drank to restore his youth will wear off, or that allies of the mysterious alley mage will find him seeking the book or vengeance. ~human @bard%Being born into a majority human society, Draax's orc-ish nature had him quickly outgrew all his peers. His intimidating presence caused all the school children to befriend him out of fear. These friendships were extremely artificial and when everyone graduated school, all his "friends" began to avoid him. Draax couldn't even get a job because of how terrifying he was. That is until Winchester Spoons, the halfling director at the local theater hired Draax to be the villain in his upcoming production. Winchester feared no one and decided why not give this brute, who had a perfect body for a terrifying villain, a shot at becoming the star of the show. It took sometime to teach Draax how to perform bardic magic, but once he learned the show became a success. Winchester was promoted to work in the king's court, and Draax was flooded letters of admiration. One letter read "To my son: Well Done!" Draax had never met his father but decided that this was evidence that his father was out there watching. Leaving the theater Draax decided to pursue bigger conquests as to further impress his father and hopefully...one day...meet him ~half-orc @bard%While most paladins of the church make grand pilgrimages or defend against the forces of evil, Brian got the short end of the stick. His job is to visit small villages, going door-to-door, and trying to convert people. With his trusty prayer book in hand, Brian has just one line memorized: "Excuse me sir, do you have a moment for our lord and savior Bahamut?" ~dragonborn @paladin%Tom’s Personal motto is“Nothing that can be done tomorrow, needs to be done today.”Previously under the employ of a regional Lord, Tom’s Duties were mostly that of a farm hand.however, he was generally lazy. Preferring to plan his task rather than completin them. Because of that, he usually has the perfect way to complete his task with the minimal effort before they are due. Usually.Between contemplating his task, and actually performing his task, Tom enjoys fooling around, doing whatever he fancies. To fund his funs, Tom does some admittedly questionable things, including but not limited toAuctioning away his lord’s used possessions,Auctioning away his lord’s wardrobe from last season,Auctioning away his lord’s trash that Tom volunteered to dispose..You get the idea.But because of his work efficiencies, his lord gives him the benefit of the doubt.However the final straw came when Tom tried to flip ambiguous fringe land that may or may not lie inside the domains of his lord.Embittered, Tom swore to strike it rich, and buy out his lord’s lands and titles. If he will do so today, that is another question. ~human @fighter%Sons of Nobility, from eldest to youngest, are commonly summarised as such,"The Heir, The Prayer; The Spare"Being the Third Son of the long and prestigious Ainsme Family, Gethbe, could have lived his entire life in decadence and debauchery, sponging off his family's extremely substantial income. Unlike his elder brothers, he was not beholden to inherit the family's duty on King assigned lands. Nor was he expected to ingratiate his family with the church by entering seminary. He was, after all, The Spare.Had Providence not intervene, Gethbe might have very well led the cushy life of a noble with no responsibilities. From a young age, Gethbe has had it easy. Performing just well enough in his studies to be allowed a carefree existence. Until the day the dragons came.After the Embers cooled, The various social stratum just kept to their own. The commoners helped their neighbours. The nobles handed out only as much as they were dutied, and only to those registered within their district. Preferring instead to busy themselves with the restoration of their estates and rose gardens before their next fête. None would come to the aid of the destitute and dispossessed. Only the Knights of Illmatar would extend salvation to all.Impressed by their altruistic nature, an adolescent Gethbe learnt the true meaning of "Noblesse Oblige". Seeing the impact of these Paladins, Gethbe also saw a way for him to leave a lasting legacy. A way much more productive compared to a life of luxury; to the vehement objection of his father.Years later, picking up a shield emblazoned with his family's Crest and a Warhammer topped with the symbol of Illmater, Gethbe snuck out one sleepy night.Venturing forth on his mission of Goodness, Salvation, and Justice for all, Gethbe is determined to carve the Ainsme family name, deep into the annals of heroic history. ~human @paladin%J'vak was born with the gift of tapping into the forces of magic at an extremely young age. He was learning to cast spells at the same time most other children were learning to speak and walk.This gift was seen as unnatural by his parents. when agents of "the institute" came to inquire of the young boys abilities, his parents were more then willing to let them take the boy...for a few gold of course.J'vak spent many years of his youth at the institute, mastering his gift. It was clear that he was destined to be a true waster of the craft.Life at the institute wasn't bad, j'vak was fed and clothed. He had also met milo, another prodigy, and they had become good friendsUntil milo began to question things that were happening at the institute. Why were students disappearing? At least one every couple of weeks seemed to just vanish from the institute.This lead to milo investigating. And what he found he told to j'vak. He had discovered that the students were being taken and hooked up to some kind of contraption that would drain them of their life force, only to have their bodies disposed ofAs j'vak and milo prepared to abandon the institute, j'vak was taken by men in dark robes. J'vak was taken to the chamber that milo had told him about and hooked up to the contraption.As the machine began to drain his essence, j'vak could feel his magic leaving him. In that moment he knew he would die as they stole everything from him.Just as his vision began to grow dark, j'vak was saved by his dear friend milo. Finally getting out of the device, the two boys attempted to flee. As they approached freedom, they were attacked by the men in robes. As the boys tried to fight back, j'vak realized that he couldn't use his magic any longer.Milo protected the now powerless j'vak, and they managed to escape the institute walls when milo set the building on fire.As the boys fled into the forest, j'vak had come to a horrifying realization. Milo had been struck by a dagger while protecting j'vak, and that it was only a matter of time before he would die. In his last moments, milo handed j'vak a single piece of paper with the question "who is malzahar?" Written on it. As milo took his last breaths, j'vak fled to safety.The now powerless j'vak wandered the wilderness for days. Weak from malnourishment, j'vak too thought he would die. As he collapsed he was visited by the God boccob in a vision. Boccob told j'vak that he was more important then this and that he needed to get up and fight on.Hanging on to life, j'vak woke from his dream. As he peered up, he was found by a large man in a suit of armor. This man's name was baxxan ironguard, a paladin of bahamut from the capitol who was there to investigate the fireUpon hearing j'vaks story, baxxan took him to the capitol to mend to his wounds. A later investigation of the institute found no evidence of what had happened. No bodies were found, no caverns or life draining contraptionsNow with training from the Paladins order and the guidance and gifts of boccob, j'vak has recovered and is determined to answer the question left to him by his departed friend ~human @cleric%"Insert name here" was a skilled tracker/bounty hunter with many years of experience working for high profile clients. She however met her untimely end at the hands of a necromancer, but not before returning a great number of his creations to death.After death, the Raven Queen offered her a unique chance to return to the Material Plane. She would become her disciple and seek out and destroy the undead and those who would disturb the natural order of death. And maybe one day she would have the chance to bring vengeance upon the necromancer who ended her life.Reborn a Knight of the Raven Queen, she now wanders the land seeking out the undead and their masters. The one drawback is that she remembers nothing of her previous life, only her service to her Queen. Overtime she will regain some of her memories as she becomes more powerful. ~elf @paladin%For a long time, Lanval was just another acolyte at the local temple to Oghma. He wasn't trained as a cleric or a paladin; he just studied the texts and performed the rites as instructed to. Life was simple. However, one night he had a troubling dream: a figure calling itself Tempus commanded him to rise up as his champion, and a few days later he started to display sorcerous powers. Now looked at a bit askance by his peers at the temple, Lanval left to just try and figure out why the heck he was now Tempus's "champion" and what that even meant when Tempus never seemed to say anything back to him. ~half-elf @sorcerer%Billy Baynes was a simple inquisitor for the noble guard. He investigated crimes throughout the city, from burglaries to murders, and he was quite good. No one called him brilliant, but he was moving up in the world. His world was shaken, however, when a close friend and colleague was discovered murdered while working security for an event at House Diogenes, and after investigating he accused the house's lord himself of the heinous crime. Unfortunately, the lord had a solid defense and alibi, and, unable to produce enough evidence or figure out how the man could've committed the crime, Baynes was disgraced and cast out of the guard. For years he lived in exile in the hills, just thinking and trying to figure out how Lord Diogenes got away with it. Until finally... he knew. And now it was time to return. ~halfling @rogue%on a divine search for knowledge to save her god from a mysterious ailment/curse. Confident with a slightly egotistical attitude, she comes from a notable family of wizards but unfortunately is more emotionally driven than intellectually, so she left in search of a higher calling. Despite her passion for battle she has still kept her family's logically-thinking attitude. She also has a major sweet-tooth. Due to her loving family she has developed a mothering attitude towards all creatures big and small, often keeping pets or helping the poor. ~tiefling @paladin%knack for cartography sent by his fellow half-orcs to find a new place for his people to expand to. He was addressed by the chieftain of his town that even if a suitable settlement found was inhabited that he was expected to report back its location. Gorgo knows that doing so could result in the slaughter of many innocents, but also feels it is his duty to help his people. These conflicting emotions have resulting in some stress-induced behavior: nervous eating, suspicious of everyone who tries to befriend him, and combative to those who challenge him. He seeks the counsel of his human paladin mother to absolve his grief. ~half-orc @rogue%he was never given a name and grew up on the streets. He is from a podunk town where no one had apparently ever seen so much as an orc so as he learned from traveling troupes he came known as The Orc Musician. ~half-orc @bard%To make him different from T.O.M. my character, Gash, was raised among orcs and was a member of a raiding party that was chased into a desert. The warband, having lost their original pursuers, was then attacked by undead. The rest of raiders died (and became undead), and my half-orc was offered a deal by a being that would let him get his vengeance and put his warband to rest in exchange ~half-orc @fighter%His parents’ love affair was rare, and the boys (Giamarga who passed at first but were obviously only half-Vistani as they grew older) were quickly outcast when the truth was discovered. The twins and their mother traveled almost continuously throughout their later childhood, setting up camp in towns as they saw fit and performing for gold to make ends meet, Tamás on his fiddle and Tobar on his flute. One night when Tamás and Tobar were older children, Tobar was abducted from their camp in a seemingly random act of cruelty. Since then, Tamás has decided that life has no destiny, great purpose, or guiding principles. When he came of age, he set out to find adventure in the secret hope that it would one day randomly reunite him with his twin. Following the god Fharlanghn and never content to stay in one place, he believes Tobar is still out there somewhere. To his companions, he comes off as simply a fickle and unsatisfied thrill-seeker who leaps before he looks and doesn't think about the consequences beyond the reward. His past is rarely, if ever, shared with those around him. ~half-elf @ranger%He was once a legend. He is in books and histories, but that was centuries ago. He extended his age through magic, and he has been retired for so long that he finds he has forgotten most of his magic.He sets out into the world to regain his fame and power, but he is much older and weaker now so it will be slow going. He is constantly frustrated by the daily reminders that he is no longer well known and his power is now nothing special. ~human @wizard%A member of a tribe of barbarians who are very passionate about fine dining. With her giant cleaver, she wanders the realm trying to find new, tantalizing recipes for all the beasties she slays. With her limited literacy she tries her best to write them down in her own cookbook. Basically your "stereotypical barbarian" save for being extremely passionate and snobbish about cuisine and table manners. ~human @barbarian%orphan who got lost in the woods. He was eventually "rescued" by rangers, who initially captured him because they thought he was a threat. Fortunately, the child's cheerful disposition rubbed off on them and let him go. Also helping his case was the fact that he's a city kid who lives in an actual orphanage, which the rangers knew about. Grateful to his heroes, the half-orc aspired to be one of them and only recently joined their ranks. ~half-orc @ranger%grizzled poor old hunter who's basically turning into this Grunkle Stan-like character. His whole thing is that he was a hunter who lived alone after he went out adventuring with his friends and they were all killed. Survivor's guilt was strong, so he lived alone for a long time until he met his wife Myriani, an elven apothecary, while he was hunting and she was gathering.Once, she became ill and sent him out to get the right fungus for her treatment, but the remedy fungus was very similar to the correct fungus and he used the wrong one when he returned and poisoned his wife. Alcoholism sets in and he lost contact with his only son.He sort of got conscripted into the adventuring party (St. Cuthbert appeared to him in the form of his wife to get him to overthrow the cult that's taken over the nearby town), and stays "because he has to," but really doesn't want the same thing that happened to his friends to happen to the party. He is just trying to make a difference in the world before he dies, so that if he ever finds his son again, his son will be proud of him. ~human @ranger%Malcore The Magnificent, given name Jim Fuddly, ambitiously seeks to become a great performer in the Capital. Malcore the Magnificent was born to a family of vegetable farmers growing turnips, squashes, carrots,potatoes, and cabbages. Malcore’s parents are named Judy and Frank Fuddly, and he has an older brother name Frank Jr who is inheriting the farm. Jim always hated being a farmer and felt looked down upon wanted to leave Brownhill their village.One day a troupe of performers came to Brownhill. They wore colorful clothes and spoke like Capital folk. They were fun and entertaining. Jim was enthralled with Drake Dangerous sword swallower, juggler, and knife thrower. He wrote a note in the dirt outside his home “Gone to Capital with Drake Dangerous. -Jim”.He never did make it to the Capital. He started out as a porter with the troupe and eventually earn a position as Drake’s assist. Drake gave him the name Malcore the Magnificent and made him work on his accent so he doesn't sound country anymore. Drake taught him the knife trade and hidden arts. Malcore the Magnificent hasn't mastered the hidden arts yet, but he feels close too. When Drake Dangerous passed away he decided to leave the small troupe.Jim thinks he should develop a hero and explorer persona to help him get into the Capital scene. A freaking gold Dragonborn ask me for directions to frontier because I'm well travelled. I told her I was heading to Fulgrum’s Folly and she could join me. Turns out she is a paladin. She'd make a nice sidekick in my adventure stories. ~human @bard%His face is marked with several scars of battle and beatings he endured as a child. Part of Dorian wishes to be done with Mab’s teachings, but there is a cold truth to the strong survive and weak parish that he can't escape.Dorian feels comfortable around violence, and with brothers and sisters in arms. He despises weakness in other and in himself. Dorian respects capable warriors and powerful practitioners, but not titles not earned through combat. ~half-elf @warlock%Torvak is a dwarf from a moutainside home. His ancestors delved deep and created great works, and his contemporaries are very happy holding to that. There is a small faction that are slightly off. Well, VERY off. They are the rage filled barbarians that protect the homeland. One of the greatest of their lineage, one who always stood apart, became pregnant shortly after a raid to open trade with a bordering town. She refused to talk about the father, but carried the child to term, and named the little one Torvak. As he grew, he grew and grew. Easily a head taller than his classmates, they would jeer and sneer. As hurtful as it was, he never raged. The futher they pushed him, the more closed off he'd become, the more focused.Passing through puberty brough all sorts of rumors about him. Most didn't want to consider him a dwarf at all until his beard began to grow in. At the first signs, he and his mother hoped that might help. It didn't. Hair grew thick and long on the sides of his face, and his moustache. True dwarven hair, thick and straight. But his chin remained bare. Not a single strand of hair, making his beard look like a set of tusks hanging from his face. And a new name to be ridiculed with.He began spending more time away from home in the woods at the base of the mountain. He became adept at hiding and walking unseen. It didn't take long before certain animals in the forest became so used to him that they'd play with him. And it was these skills that let him find the small goblin raiding party and get away without being noticed.He didn't make it back before the goblins began their advance. Finding one of the outer defense towers, he roused the two dwarves and called for their aid, but both were deep in their cups due to the prosperity of the city. So he grabbed their weapons and strode out to the throughway himself. The two drunkards followed the young man to the road and instantly snatched their weapons back when they saw the approaching force, and they fought clumsily through their stupor. Torvak decided that the easy decadence of his homeland didn't suit him, and his inability to rage made him a liability amongst the warriors. So he decided to test his mettle amongst the rest of the world.And maybe someday, find his father. ~dwarf @barbarian%Pedraine USED to be an adult red dragon, until one day he killed a Wild Sorcerer in his lair. With his dying breath, the Sorcerer cursed Pedraine and transmogrified him into a meek, impoverished 8 year old human boy. ~human @wizard%Born to the noble Hammerhand clan in the Dwarven province of Erendall, Ruby was bored to tears by her comfortable lifestyle and noble obligations. She longed for danger and adventure. She spent as much time as she could hunting in the mountains of Erendall where she developed considerable skill with a bow. Her father allowed it, as it is tradition for Dwarf women to do the hunting while the men work the mines and go to war. Still, all through her childhood, Ruby became accustomed to disappointing her father: Magnus Hammerhand, an esteemed Commander in the Dwarven Army. You see, Magnus believes in tradition above all else, and though he means well, his selfish greed has caused him to overlook the needs and desires of his only daughter in favor of the Hammerhand legacy. And on Ruby's 19th birthday, he broke the final straw. Ruby was to wed Sir Roderick Ruim: a wealthy human noble. To This arrangement, Ruby could not acquiesce. She fled to the wilds, getting by on her own strength for the first time and fell in love with her new found freedom. She knew she could not go back. Her heart grew bolder and braver. She began to desire ever more dangerous adventures which have led her to the great human city of Himlinde. To the Liar's Den Tavern, more specifically. And this is where our story begins. ~dwarf @ranger%At the age of 10 Johnny survived terrible fire that burned down village, he was the only survivor. From now on Johnny was scared of fire, he was even scared to look at it.After that he was living in a Temple and learning to be a priest. When Johnny turned 18, he decided to start an adventuring life. He found some people to adventure with.After telling them his story, they told him that, it is said that kids who survived a fire are the Chosen of Maltazar, lawful evil god of fire. People say that he often starts fires to find the "strongest".Johnny didn't belive in such nonsense but after that talk, after 8 years of fear he stared at bonfire, and the fire stared back. ~human @cleric%Born to an Elven noble in the wooded area surrounding the castle of Miuria, Taliyana was a product of her mother's insatiable lust for the touch of Human travelers that frequented the village. Her mother had long in secret bedded many Human merchants & traveling nobles, much to the dismay of the family Matriarch. When she found herself to be with child, she quickly wed one of the her lord's high ranking advisers to conceal the true nature of her soon to be born child. So began Taliyana's life. Her true heritage hidden from the world around her, nobody knew of her impure blood as her mother had made a bargain with the Gods to gift Taliyana with the appearance of a Pureblood Elf. The only hint ever that her blood may not have been pure, was her short stature. Even so, it wasn't rare for the women of the Elves of the wood to be shorter than your average elven maiden. Her secret was safe. She enjoyed all of the luxuries of being High-Born, access to education, medicine, proper hygiene, weapons training. While the other noble children in her village were always preoccupied with education, learning the ways of medicine or politics, Taliyana was always drawn to the woods. She was a natural hunter even from the time she could barely wield a shortbow. By the time she had reached adolescence, her proficiency with all forms of bow, especially the longbow, rivaled that of even the best trained soldiers in the Lord's Army. Her mother would never allow her to enlist and serve, too busy trying to marry her off to a Prince or a Count of some other province. Eventually her mother's efforts and meddling drove Taliyana from home. Rejecting her noble birth, she wandered out to find her place in the world and eventually came to realize that her passion for the hunt had molded her into a fierce warrior and a fearless adventurer. Spending the vast majority of her time in seclusion of the dense woods, she honed her skills for both her own pride and for need to survive. After nearly a year of seclusion from the world in the wood, she stumbled across a goblin poaching party. Seeing these vile creatures desecrate her woods & slaughter animals wantonly, she determined it was time to leave the wood & serve a greater purpose. What purpose? She did not yet know. ~half-elf @ranger%grew up poor in the streets. Over time he noticed that all of the rich people talked in funny accents and dressed in suits and acted like perfect gentlemen and traveled a lot. Being not the crunchiest taco at the fiesta, he concluded that this must be how one becomes rich. He spent what money he had on a nice suit and behaves like a British aristocrat who knows nothing about aristocracy. He tries to be a gentleman, but he has a temper and if you damage his suit he will fly into a berserker rage and try and kill you with a croquet bat. His goal is to become rich. ~half-orc @barbarian%Born in a small village in the Crags, her whole family was slaughtered by orcs when she was only 3, and compelled by her mother to "Run away, Kara!" she ran off into Neverwinter Woods to survive. There, she was found by a family of giant, talking wolves, who raised her in the ways of the woods, as a ranger. Now 18, she has sworn to defend the innocent from the same fate that befell her, and slaughter every orc she meets in the process. ~human @ranger%Garil's father was a well respected wizard and scholar in in the capital city. He was researching how to achieve immortality when he disappeared without a trace early in Garil's childhood. Once Garil became old enough he began to study under a friend of his father, Boris. Boris was also interested in finding the means of becoming immortal. While studying, Garil picked up the basics of spell casting and some other general knowledge. One day when he entered Boris' study he found a sealed letter from Boris to Garil's father. Boris was nowhere to be found. Garil has decided to travel the world, seeking out any information he can about immortality and immortal beings in hopes of finding his father, Boris, and delivering the still sealed letter. ~gnome @wizard%Lennie was the sole survivor of the massacre of her entire Tiefling clan. She doesn’t know the reason for the massacre or why she alone was left alive.She begins a hermetic life for fear of the killers returning, while cautiously investigating the identity of the perpetrators, without success. She also begins quietly amassing personal power by collecting increasingly dangerous scraps of arcana.Her will is resolute and she sees her quest as righteous. While initially fundamentally ‘good’ in nature, she recognizes her actions are increasingly, though necessarily ‘evil’ – she perceives these actions as a requisite personal sacrifice towards a greater good. However, she does not necessarily recognize the external, human consequences of her actions.Her path eventually leads her to the cult of Nyarlathotep, a dangerously mad but powerful outer god (Chaotic Neutral). Nyarthotep bestows her warlock powers, in return only asking that she do whatever is necessary to carry out her revenge - possibly in consternation to existing cult members (Chaotic Evil). Lennie agrees and their pact is formed. Nyarlathotep then gives her the identity of one of the attackers (character unknown). Nyarlathotep’s machinations are unknown, as well as why the old god was so seemingly, and uncharacteristically helpful.When we meet Lennie, there is physical evidence of her pact manifesting as a transition in her extremities towards the strange and vibrant coloration of reef-dwelling predators. More physical changes manifest through her Thaumaturgy including eyes that flash an amphibious frog-like orange with curiously alien plus-shaped pupil’s, and fingers that extend into sinuous blue-ringed octopoid tentacles.Her slowly degrading empathy is evident, and Lennie sees moment-to-moment human interactions as curious, leading to an ostensibly ‘lawful evil (toward neutral evil) character. Not willfully malicious in any sense, Lennie feels she has control over Nyarlathotep’s influence, and follows a rigorous but inscrutable code of ethics. She feels she is acting of her own free will towards a big-picture plan of her own devising. With her growing cosmic knowledge, she is beginning to see herself as an agent acting outside the constraints of society, while still using and manipulating the rules of order to her own ends. To others, there does not seem to be much, if any, moral consideration to mundane day-to-day details. She appears equally and casually brutal, kind, or even unintentionally funny, but mostly indifferent in most situations. ~tiefling @warlock%During his travels, he was captured and experimented on by wizards that wanted to understand the Shadowfell's power. After they were done with their experiments, they tried to kill Drak and throw him away.However, he clings to life and is able to recover, but he's changed. His bronze scales are replaced by ones that are darker than night. Sunlight burns his eyes and he's able to blend into shadows. Driven away from Bahamut, Drak decides to put his new skills to use...Drak tries joined a group of assassins. As a fledgling rogue, they send him to kill a wizard's apprentice as a test of his mettle. Drak gets close to killing him, but the apprentice's master intervenes just in the nick of time and subdues Drak. The wizard then binds Drak to his apprentice as a bodyguard to protect his apprentice from future danger. ~dragonborn @rogue%woke up on a ship, remembering nothing and apparently being able to do some magic. It appeared the ship had been on the sea for days and no one had seen him. He then got hired, when he persuaded a customer to use the ship he had been on to ship some wares. He then sailed with the ship for a few months, until the ship sank and the survivors had to find something new to do, which - for the tiefling - happened to be adventuring. ~tiefling @sorcerer% He was once a great soldier but was approaching the end of his midlife. In a freak storm, he became an amnesiac, and washed ashore with only the most basic of his already rusting skills.He remembers his name, how to use weapons, and how to sail, but not much else of his past. As the party grows stronger, he doesn't, instead remembering the techniques that slipped his mind. ~human @fighter%Mordai comes from a region to the north of Klortho. He and his family wandered from town to town trying to find work, which was generally hard to find given their physical appearance. Early in life when he was around four, Mordai fell into a fast flowing river and almost drown if not for a stray tree branch. Later in life he found himself in the city of Klortho looking for work while trying to make an honest living. The only work he could find was at a barrel making company owned by a man named Henri who took pity on the disenfranchised races of Izal. There he formed a friendship with one of the foremen but was generally disliked and shunned upon even among the workforce. A few years later still working at the barrel makers he got into a very serious fight with a group of Halfings which nearly cost him his life however it was during this fight he discovered his innate magical powers. After killing several people in the fight including his foreman friend and Henri after his powers became wildly out of control he fled the city evading the law as best he could. After fleeing from the city he later learned that the surviving Halflings had blamed him for all of the deaths and the destruction of the barrel factory that they obviously razed to the ground. From that moment onward he swore to kill those Halflings and kill any who wrong him. Journeying to the other side of the world where Klortho law could not catch up with him Mordai travels to Kalan picking up an affinity for the crossbow along the way. ~tiefling @sorcerer%The two brothers gambled together frequently and were usually getting into trouble. After a long night of drinking and playing cards, the Sorcerer lost all of their money to a hustler in the back room of a dirty old tavern. In a fit of rage, the Sorcerer slams his fists down on the the table, evoking Burning Hands, blasting the room with fire, his first spell, revealing to him his powers for the first time. The kegs of hard liquor in the back room exploded from the heat, bringing the building down on top of it's patrons.He was the only one to survive the blaze. Knowing he would be wanted for mass murder, he left immediately, running as fast as he could to the wild, partially burned from his own wrongdoing. The death of his brother lies to his fault. He vowed that forevermore he would only use his newly discovered powers for only good and prove to himself that he is not evil. He would master his magical art and learn to control his rage, living in his brother's name as tribute. He vows to destroy evil wherever it lies, even though he believes that evil lies within himself. ~human @sorcerer%Bartholomew Krantzton was sick of dirt. He'd been farming, digging, planting, or transporting dirt in one way or another since his youth, and he wasn't going to do it any more.He was sick and tired of the knights and nobles that looked down on him from their castles. He had dug their moats and raised their earthen embankments. He deserved to sit inside their protection, not to toil endlessly in the hot fields pulling crop after crop out of the ground so those leeches could get wealthy off his sweat."The nobles provide for our protection!" His mother would explain, but protection from what? They had already robbed him blind.30 years on this earth and only 30 gold pieces to his name, Barty accepted what he knew all along: wealth is not earned, it is taken. And by Hextor he was ready to take it! ~human @fighter%Grigori doesn't remember anything that happened to him before two weeks ago. His first memory is of walking down the small road to <name of starting town>.The kicker here is that Grigori is one of the first wizards. Ever. After achieving immortality and learning all the secrets a wizard can learn, Grigori stored all his accumulated knowledge in his interdimensional library. He then used a spell of his own design to relinquish all of his power, and memories, so that he could learn and live again.Basically, Grigori spends all his time maxing out spellcasting classes so he can accumulate the most complete source of magical knowledge in the multiverse. ~half-elf @wizard%Diurmand is a capable boxer, who spent much of his formative years sparring with anyone who hadn't yet resigned to nurse their bruises. He's a tall and strong, though not especially built, human male with tan skin and a sly disposition. Proud of his noble heritage, Diurmand is unfortunately in line for pretty much only a pewter kettle, owing to the large family he hails from. Still, there's a grand old world out there, and be damned if there isn't more power to find for his family. ~human @monk%Second cousin to Diurmand, she is one born of with innate power. For 3 generations, the women of her family were blessed - or cursed - with the power of dragons when her grandmother helped save a silver dragon hatchling. However the master of the family, at odds with the silver dragon mother, outcast that side of the family, including his own wife. Meleena, with curious dark brown skin colour, silver hair, and a noticeable sheen of dragonscale, stands proud if not exactly tall. Her eyes burn an arcane blue at will, and yet the whole figure is somewhat ruined by a lisp. She ended up finding her way into a group of street urchins, using her powers to the group's aid. ~human @sorcerer%Kierlienne was orphaned at an early age, and found herself struggling for survival in the streets of Baren. A wiry high elven girl, she learned how to look after herself, and put her own interests first. However as time went on, and with some guidance, she sought to help those less fortunate than her, establishing herself as a common name among the unwanted peoples of Baren. Her golden hair, narrowly slanted eyes, and peaceful smile were unmistakable. Hard to catch, even harder to dislike, she produced in half a generation of lost children in the city a moral code. Her crowning jewel to it all is that the least harm that can be done, will be done. Kierlienne hopes her resolve is never tested by the need to kill someone. ~elf @rogue%Garbon, husband to Sienna Arralea, took her name upon marrying into the human circles, leaving behind his orcish tribe. Despite only being half-Orc, his heritage was strong and poignantly obvious in his mannerisms, morals, and strength. Due to a dispute over his favour of a human partner, he was forced into a combat with the chieftan - eventually fleeing for his life. Garbon swore an oath to see to it that others are not cast out and down for such petty reasons. He serves the Tannalen family as a guardsmen on their grounds, and had become strong friends with Diurmand Tannelen, becoming Diurmand's preferred sparring partner. The towering half-Orc, with moss green leathery skin and an unsightly number of scars, revealed his soft spot in adpoting (formally as well as actually) Kierlienne not long after catching her trying to lift some food from the Tannalen residence. His ability to find her, and his consideration of her as an actual person - not a pest - gave Kierlienne the push she needed to accept. Another young person now under the protective wing of Garbon.Naturally, when Dirumand sought to take on some adventure, Garbon promised to protect him wherever. There was no chance Kierlienne would let him go alone on such adventure, and demanded she be allowed to join. After her uncomfortable admission to Diurmand as to how she met Garbon, Diurmand welcomed her into his new-found party with good humor. He was less welcoming to Meleena, suggested by Kierlienne as an additional contact. However, Garbon persuaded the nobleman to take in the outcast daughter. ~half-orc @paladin%Violeskus was nothing but a petty thief in his homeland. If you needed some small amount of treasure swiped, he was your man. However one day he was caught, and due to the harsh laws in his country, he was sentenced to death.So he sat in an overcrowded jail cell for a week, awaiting his fate. But one day, somehow the cell door opened and prisoners poured out of their confines, starting a full blown riot. Violeskus was unarmed, and never was good with his fists, so he ran like the Nine Hells.He barely escaped the compound with a bit of luck, and perhaps even the gods smiling on him. He hid in the dark corners of the city for days. The emperor declared any fugitives were to be killed on sight. (and secretly the guards knew that the more grisly it was, the better) So Violeskus knew he had to escape the country. Again fortune shined in his favor and he miraculously slipped out of the city and then by the border.And so Violeskus found himself in new territory. He didn't have contacts, sure, but he had something much better. Freedom. Without the confines of his oppressive government, he could steal much easier and from much wealthier people. And so Violeskus vowed that one day he'd become the greatest thief that ever lived. ~halfling @rogue%The 3rd child of a brewer and innkeeper, Brambles learned to love good food and drink, and even better stories at a young age! He thinks they should all be spread around for all to enjoy! When he came of age, he taught history to the children at his town's school. It didn't matter to him that the children were humans, hill dwarves, halflings, or elves. He just wanted to spread the light of knowledge and stories.He joined the militia when the kobold and mercenary army of a dickish blue dragon threatened the prosperity and happiness of his county. He watched with the rest of his phalanx as the heroic Emerald Four defeated the blue beast! He decided to travel as the private tutor for a rich halfling family that was caught in his town by the battles, but now it is time to go home. ~dwarf @paladin%I used to be acolyte at a temple of Bahamut. I started looking at some dark magic and wanted to learn more about it, but got kicked out of my order. I vowed to exact revenge. I became so bitter that I actually wanted to become a god myselfEventually my patron contacted me and offered me power. I accepted and here I am. ~dragonborn @warlock%Basically a teenager With little to no combat experience and only started to learn about the arcane forces a couple years ago. Going adventuring is reason enough to train, learn new spells, and master becoming a better spell-caster. ~human @wizard%spent their life performing rather than fighting, but overtime has grown board of the same crowd and yearns to spread his/her performances to different parts of the world. The tales they could tell form devling into dungeons, overthrowing monarchs, or encountering mystical beasts. ~halfling @bard%just found out that he isn't human. he already had a pretty satisfactory life as entrepeneur, smuggler, baker. he even managed to retire long enough to forget most of these skills, because as an not yet adult elf, it takes longer for him to get the knowledge into long-term memory.he's on an adventure because there's not much to do at home anymore. ~elf @rogue%Uurg loves to kill things, revels in it. Being raised by Orcs has been a blessing in his eyes. Murders, pillaging, razing... Good times, goooood times. But he started to hear stories; stories of "adventurers" who got to kill things and get paid for it. The most he ever got for killing things was an arrow in the thigh or a sword to the gut. Poor payment in his estimation. So he set out to see if the rumors were true, and it turned out to be the best decision he ever made. ~half-orc @barbarian%Eldon's parents died at the hands of a Ghoul when Eldon was 16. Eldon has forcefully forgotten all the gory details of that fateful day, and just remember his parents as they were before. They were jewelers in town and were well respected but not well off by any means.After that Eldon ran away into the Mountains where he was found by an old Human Ranger, Terin Wolfsbane, that taught him how to be a ranger. Years they spent together learning about the land and as Terin grew very elderly the tides turned and Eldon had to take care of him. It was then that Eldon took back to being a Jeweler and Tinker to allow him buy herbs and potions to help his ailing mentor. He also spent a good portion of time learning what he could about the undead. A deep hatred manifested of all things undead, as he slowly came to terms with his parent's deaths.In Eldon's 35th year of life, Terin passed away, leaving Eldon with no sense of purpose. Eldon started selling more jewelry in town to cut through his depression but soon uncovered a scam the local Jeweler's Guild was running in the market involving the local ruby supply. It was then Eldon made up his mind to steal the next shipment of rubies the Guild had incoming into the town to give them out to the poor. It was a daring plan that somehow came together and the Guild never knew it was Eldon, but the people he helped do. During the theft, Eldon also came upon a 1 oz block of unknown material that he kept to remind him of the deed and he set off on his grand life adventure after that. ~gnome @ranger%He's the brother of a blacksmith the party has befriended, who asked them to allow Trauban to join them so he can gain more world experience. Trauban is specifically a Cleric worshipping Tharmekhul, the Dwarven god of the forge, and he intends to use the power he gains to help his brother's business. I plan on using this as a method for the party to gain access to masterwork (and later magical) weapons. ~dwarf @cleric%really looked up to the heroes of the stories of old and of grand wizards. He mainly uses spells with names such as Leomund's tiny hut, Snilloc's Snowball Swarm etc. He really looks up to these famous people and decides that he's had enough of just the reading and wanted to get a whiff of the adventure those people went through. ~gnome @wizard%When he was old enough he ran away to join the army. Left after a while to become the personal body guard of a nobleman.The kicker is, the family he ran away from are actually a dynasty of circus performers and he goes back to their circus whenever he can to see his parents perform. After the show he waits around to see them but they disowned him after he joined the army and they slip off to their trailers every time... ~dragonborn @fighter%Not far from the city she was set upon by a group of bandits, but before they could rob her a dashing human rogue appeared and swept the bandits away. He guided the priestess home, and after two years of courtship they were married. Before the rogue proposed, he revealed to the priestess that he in fact had orchestrated their meeting, for the bandits were his friends. He had planned the entire charade in order to meet this beautiful elf. The priestess was to take a vow of chastity and become the head of her church, however once she married a human she was disowned from her family and ostracized from the church. 10 years later a half elf child was born, they named him Naephid. Naephid grew up worshiping in the church of Pelor surrounded by fellow half elves. His mother and father brought him up in the church, and his father told him stories of places where race didn't matter. Outside of the church, Naephid only had one friend, his next door neighbor Elle. When Naephid was 20 years old, his father died. Naephid, knowing that some day his mother will also have to watch him die, decides he must leave home to find a place in the world. Taking his father's scale mail, the mace and shield of Pelor, and his mother's blessing he began his journey. He arrived in the forest to find Elle, waiting for him (Elle was played by my friend and she had her own backstory as well where she decided to run away from her overbearing father). Together, Elle and Naephid set off into the world looking for a place where anyone, no matter who you are, can make their own happiness. ~elf @cleric%Julius entered the church at a young age, orphaned by an undead attack. One simple zombie basically killed his whole family, before some nice men in clanking, shiny armor killed the zombie in one blow, and took him back with them. Now he's older and he's learned the ways of the Church of Kelemvor- from the position of a janitor and chef, mostly, but he's picked up a few magic prayers that'll help him out. One day, his town is attacked by Orcs, and he's sent out on an important mission- to run for his life- by the local Priest. Now he thinks he's an inquisitor, as typically inquisitors run around for most of their lives, so clearly that's what the priest meant by that. Might as well make it a High Inquisitor, since he seems to be the only one around, and that makes him the best. ~human @cleric%Garrett was a wizard's apprentice studying under a very powerful wizard. About one month into his apprenticeship, his master Tiren made a bargain with the devil. Tiren sold a soul for massive power. Not his own, of course, but young Garrett's soul. This is how a NG wizard came to be considered a worshiper of a LE deity for mechanical reasons. ~human @wizard%devoted his life to books at a very early age, and is a klutz around people because of it, but it means that he know quite a lot, especially about explosions and anything pyrotechnic, really. ~elf @rogue%He served his king faithfully, fighting against the might of an oppressive empire seeking to claim his lands, and was famed for his control over battle and his magical shield.He participated in many battles, but was ultimately defeated when a foreign knight used a powerful sword that phased through his armor, tearing up the left side of his torso. He fell to the ground, the enemy knight claiming his shield, and he was rushed to a healer. The healer was inexperienced, and the healing left horrible scar tissue covering his torso, limiting his movements and ending his career as a knight.Now, his life of glory over, he spends his time in taverns lamenting not having a better healer, drinking, only occasionally whoring, and longing for adventure. In place of leveling up, he's slowly getting over his injuries, allowing him to preform feats he could only do in his glory days. ~human @fighter%Argoth was a soldier in the armies of Komra, the Goddess of Battle. He became stricken with violent madness and a lust for blood which got him kicked out of the army. Desperate, he prayed to the darkness for relief, and Armokhorne answered.Argoth became a follower of the Blood God, restraining his impulses until battle was joined. Then he became a whirlwind, savagely tearing into his enemies with all his strength. ~human @fighter%She was abandoned as a child and adopted by a nearby gnome clan. Her spells are primarily evocation spells (destruction, fire, electricity) and in this world that's rare- gnome sorcerers almost always are illusionists. The clan pushed her out when her anger started getting the better of her and things would spontaneously catch fire.She's easily corruptible and may one day learn why the dark side comes naturally to her. ~gnome @sorcerer%Delphendir's parents were both killed when he was only 7 years old. One was human, the other elven, and their love considered an abomination by the Thranish government. They lived in Thaliost during the Last War, until the city, the shining jewel of Aundair, was captured after a year-long siege.He hid his halfness, lest the oppressive Thranes slaughter him for the difference. Delphendir made his life begging for four years after his parents were killed.His story would be like so many others in the world that it was almost a joke, a parody of its own banality, had he only seen his parents executed.But he hadn't. So it wasn't.When Delphendir was 12 he found his mother. She was never killed. Instead, she praised the Silver Flame deeply and had absolutely no recollection of his father. She had been turned to a husk.This spurred him to search for his father. At age 14, Delphendir found him. The War was still going strong, and espionage between Aundair and Thrane was quite popular. Delphendir's father got mixed into this, working for Aundair and delivering them information from Thaliost. And, hating Delphendir's mother. ~half-elf @fighter%Our intrepid, and illiterate, half-orc went to the adventurers guild for training. Since he could not read he memorized the letter B for barbarian.He signed up for training and selected the shortest one starting with a B. That would be Bard.For the longest time he thought music appreciation was to help him with raging. He was passed through all the classes due to affirmative action, no teacher wanted to be the one to fail the half-orc.Finally he was taught comprehend languages to read. It just takes him 10 minutes of preparing to read anything.He learned mending cantrip for all the instruments he broke over students heads.Taking the name of Ard, so he never forgets how to spell Bard, he went out with his cowbell to take up his adventures. ~half-orc @bard%was born farmer in a small town and used to practice swordplay and shooting bows with the guards. His family fell on hard times so instead of becoming a guard as he always wanted to or carrying on the family trade of working the land, he decided to make his way to the city to seek out his fortune as an adventurer and in the process save his family farm ~dwarf @fighter%an initiate to an order of true neutral monks who are basically "grey Jedi" keepers of the balance (they will help you take back or defend your homeland but if you try to strike back they will just as readily turn on you). He is on a pilgrimage of indeterminate length for saving a life that should not have been saved. He is being punished for intervening and upsetting the balance. He is tasked with observing the world and only interfering when good and evil or law and chaos (civilization and nature) are out of balance. He is obviously bad at this. ~human @monk%My mom is like a drunk farmer. We actually got her a pet goat so she'd milk it before her first beer of the day. My dad on the other hand makes wagon wheels. They're ok, I guess. But this fucking town is really, really boring. Luckily, my grandfather left me this rusty sword, so I figure why not get the hell out of this shithole town. ~human @fighter%Grew up with the Thieves Guild with the belief that he is an orphan. In reality, his father is the royal spymaster of a nearby kingdom and his mother a privateer captain for the royal navy. His memories were sealed due to the fact that he witnessed an arcane ritual that would tear the kingdom apart if revealed to the public. His parents left him with his uncle, the tiefling guildmaster of the neighboring Thieves Guild and there he was trained to lie low, keep anonymous and protect him from forces that wants what he knows.He was left with one specific memory. The legend of his ancestor, the reason why he, his uncle and some of their relatives are tieflings. A legendary pirate captain who made a deal with Asmodeus to rule the seas. According to some, that captain still sails the high seas with his undead crew, searching for a way to break the curse and to find a semblance of peace after centuries of violence and cruelty.Now, Arxus seeks to find his ancestor, not just to break their curse, but to end the cycle of demonborn in their family.And in the shadows, Asmodeus sees him as a potential pawn that he can tempt to take over the ship his ancestor sails and to wreak havoc onto the seas once again. ~tiefling @warlock%I was an orphan on the streets tried to steal from some who was too clever for me he adopted me and took me in. discovered his secret of being a grifter(con-man drifter) and soon began teaching me the tools of the trade. me and him were a team going from city to city tricking dukes and peasants alike for their goods then fleeing to the next town. til we were caught in the act by a stranger with "golden eyes" and were being tied to trees and covered in tar and set on fire for our crimes for the town to see. as they showered my father with boiling hot tar He look right at me without flinching at the pain and told me "they are all fools Darin you will show them I know you will" And closed his eyes and accepted death I struggled and cried and cursed god I begged for mercy I begged for salvation I begged for freedom. to which in that instance I went into a trance my eyes turned black I could only see Darkness, As if from all around me a booming voice echoed a word. "REBIRTH" At soon as those words rung in my mind black liquid a black as tar itself poured from every pour in my body i convulsed. just as the guards began to approach me in curious that their prisoner was dying of some disease, everything went silent and Tentacles shot out from my body like and explosion, in every direction killing everyone around me witnessing the horrid display, destroying my bindings, the trees around me, it disintegrated my father and I fainted. when I awoke surrounded by the death and destruction, a giant tome lied before me covered in horrors that were whispering that word "rebirth" but not aloud but within my mind. it was an experience one could never describe, but it felt like it was apart of me now. I grabbed it and ran. I was free but a wanted man with a new terrible secret that I knew nothing about. it was a fear greater than death. ~human @warlock%a cleric of the sun got, a prodigy, some described him. His devotion was unsurpassed, and his connection with the divine was the envy of all of his brethren.Envy, unfortunately, has a method of growing in sinister ways, and his peers and rivals conspired to frame Donovan for a crime in his sect, resulting in a brutal punishment for the innocent lad and one less competitor for his accusers.Twenty five years later, Donovan knows that he's past his prime and has languished in chained solitude with nothing but an acolyte's primer to study. Five years passed that he kept strong in his vows and oaths to uphold righteousness...but that could hold up only so long. The next twenty were spent sharpening his heart of vengeance to a razor's keen. ~human @cleric%raised by wolves that was found by her family eventually just in time for an orc army to invade the forest by her home which was also where the wolves were. She helped lead the effort to clear the forest out! All exciting but there was an entire dwarf army involved and she really only did any kind of leading because she knew the forest really fucking well and most of her involvement was really a lot of scouting and spying and tactical planning. But she totally led it yes.. ~dwarf @ranger%mother visited this big city on the other side of the sea and told her all sorts of stories which made her want to go visit it. She's nothing but trouble this one. Conned half the people in her port town out of something by practically 8 years old then moved on to the travelers. Going to be an arcane trickster next level and it will be craziness. ~halfling @rogue%Young guy, maybe 20-22, very haughty and vain person. One of the children from a minor but up-and-coming noble house in their barony/whatever. One night while out drinking, gallivanting, and bathing in his privilege, he walks by a guy sitting at a table with a game (could be cards, dice, stuff; something with a bit of skill involved). The dude challenges the young Pomp to a few rounds, and an inebriated and cocky Pomp agrees.Except the dude is good. Pomp loses a few hands and a bunch of gold and is getting me and more outraged. So, thinking he can outsmart the gambler, pulls some fast moves and cheats his way into a few victories, getting his money back and then some. Only the dude can tell this punk is trying to take him for a fool. He allows a few hands to go by, then abruptly stands up and flips the table, knocking Pomp over. He goes over and takes the young guy's hand, saying something to the effect of, "You've wit beyond your years don't you, boy?" Pomp feels his energy and life force draining through this guy's hand, seeing his own now withered and aged.The gambler is gone. Pomp examines himself and he seems to have put on about 40 years - he is old, frail, and a far cry from his dashing good looks (kind of ruggedly handsome, but he can't see that). When returning home, he is denied access, as the guards will not entertain the old man's ravings claiming to be the young son of the house. He is turned away.After a few days on the streets, Pomp decides he needs to find this swindler again and get him to reverse what he did. He must get his youth back, and soon, before his body fails him and he dies having accomplished nothing.After a few nights of searching, Pomp finds the gambler dude again. He's amused to see the now old man. Pomp discovers that he'd gone and pissed off a devil, who took his youth as punishment for his hubris. The devil offers Pomp a bargain - if the old man will act as his agent, he can earn back his youth, year by year. He figures here he has a motivated person who will act in his interest, because the guy's on a ticking clock already and has nowhere to turn. ~human @warlock%a fighter that has grown up a devout adherent to the local church in a fairly major city. He sees the clergy every day. He sees clerics heal plagues and paladins clear out dens of demons and necromancy. He trains his body and mind to be a vessel for his god, but he never hears that call. He is never granted the power of the god he so desperately believes in. No divine magic ever pours out of his hand, no visions are shown to him. ~dwarf @fighter%was once a lead chef in a castle of elves. She would often times make jokes and talk with the elven princess, and they became best friends. The chef would make her special pies or pastries to cheer up the princess on bad days.When the time came, it was arranged for the princess to be wed and moved to her new husband's castle. She wished for one thing and one thing only: that the chef be able to join her in the new castle. The parents agreed, so they packed their things into a carriage and headed to the new castle.On the way there, bandits ambushed the caravan and in a panic, the chef let out a huge surge of electrical blue energy, instantly killing everyone in a twenty foot radius. Her princess lay lifeless in her seat in the carriage, and there the chef wept, wondering how and why this had happened. She heard footsteps approaching, and not sure how to wield the powers she had within her, the chef removed the cloak from the princess' body, covered herself with it, and skittered into the forest to hide.In the forest, the halfling tried to recreate the powers, and eventually learned that she is what people call a "wild magic sorcerer". With this knowledge and a couple of learned cantrips, the ex-chef headed out to find adventure, a new life that she was willing to live in order to right the wrong she had done by killing her princess. ~halfling @sorcerer%Faren had spent much of his childhood reading about the adventures of heroes and the villains they fought. Kingdoms saved, ladies impressed, it seemed the life for him. So, without his family's knowledge he donned his cloak and packed some basic supplies, sneaking into the night to begin his own adventure with no idea of what awaited him, be it a gruesome death at the hands of kobalds, or glorious victory over chromatic dragons. ~dragonborn @rogue%Part of an order of paladins hundreds of years past, he fought in a holy war under the banner of the platinum dragon, Bahamut, against undead armies raised by a powerful lich. Through an act of self-sacrifice, he saved a great many of his comrades in arms, but fell in battle.Now, hundreds of years later, his spirit is brought before the feet of the Raven Queen. She informs him that although his order succeeded in defeating the lich's armies, the lich himself is still alive somehow, and is growing once again in power. Through his actions, he was noticed and chosen to return to the material plane and finish what he started.Lucas finds himself breathing once more, reborn into the domain of the Raven Queen - The Shadowfell. With only vague memories of his past and a holy quest to complete, he returns to the world to recover his strength and finish what he started. ~dragonborn @paladin%Edicius is crazy. He truly is. Fully aware of how humans treat his kind, the Teifling spent many years studying his infernal heritage. Unlike some who strive to be accepted, Edicius knew he would never be trusted by humans. His big horns and long tail gave away his demonic origins at first look. So he studied, and learned, and eventually made contact with Lilith, one of the Devils of the Rings of Hell. His pact with her cost him his sanity, but gave him magic beyond belief. Now he worships here, taking down powerful creatures as sacrifices, with nothing but his pet Imp and his "friends" by his side ~tiefling @warlock%born frail which caused him to be the laughing stock of his peers in his tribe. At the age of 16 he ran away from his tribe to find a way to be strong. After about a year of bumming around in public libraries reading old spell tomes and he just cast his first few spells. Now he searches for a master to teach him. ~half-orc @wizard%He has lived his life shunned from his people, not really fitting in with anyone. He tends his vegetable patch and tries to live quietly. However, his town starts getting harassed by bandits and everyone starts to live in fear. Tyro decides it's about time that he gets the hell out of dodge! He packs up a few belongings, and takes his father's old sword with him, just in case he runs into trouble on the road. Not that he knows how to use it. As he starts to flee, he sees the bandits coming up the road. Fearing for his life, he dashes up the hill next to the road and hides behind a boulder, pressing his back against it so there is no possible way that the bandits could see him. Fortuitously, as the bandits were traveling underneath the boulder, it starts to roll down the hill, crushing the bandits and saving the town. He is hailed as a folk hero for taking on the bandits single-handedly and suddenly the town has love and respect for him. Free ale and people offering him all sorts of favors and trinkets. Knowing that he was abandoning these people to their fate, he decides that he has to leave live up to the legends that they are singing about him. He leaves his home to become worthy of their songs. ~halfling @bard%when he was a 5 year old kid he and some other villager kids got kidnapped by a cult. As he was there he and the other kids got saved just in time by a powefull wizard named Usador the blue, as a result of all the magic the wizard threw around my charachter developed magic. Normal childhood after being rescuid and constantly being told how lucky he is and gratefull he should be + traveling bards stories makes him want to leave the village to becoe a hero like the wizard who saved him and find the wizard and thank him for saving him.Basicly he is a lv one sorcerer who travels the world in an atemt to be a hero while also looking for one spesific wizard just so he can thank him for saving him as a kid ~human @sorcerer%orphan whose mom was kidnapped by fairies/some other Fey creature. Years later it turns out the mother is an Arch Fey and grants her child power in hopes that they will one day be reunited. ~half-elf @warlock%When he was still an egg, a group of pirates (or sailors with an eye for treasure) raided an old dragonborn settlement/dragon lair, looting a massive quantity of gold in the process. They also happened to grab King's egg, thinking it was treasure, and threw it all into the cargo hold. Eventually someone went down to check on the treasure, and they found a newly hatched dragonborn with a crown sitting lopsided on his head. As a joke, the crew called the dragonborn King, and raised him like a son.Years later, when King was an adult, a turtle dragon attacked his ship, killed the crew, and crashed the remains into a beach. King survived, and has begun hunting the beast around the continent it calls its own, vowing to avenge his fallen crew... And family. ~dragonborn @fighter%I sold my brother's soul to Asmodeus, and now I'm working to break the deal I made without ruining everything I've worked for. I don't even feel guilt for what I did, I'm just trying to prove that I'm more creative and clever than the Lord of the 9 ~human @warlock%I'm a ex-crime Lord gnome who is targeted by a environmental group for my mistreatment of shrooms which I sell and smoke. ~gnome @rogue%he was just a physically weak commoner whose only redeeming qualities were his silver tongue, quick wit, and even quicker hands. He managed to befriend the Prince of a nearby town and got to spend a lot of time in the castle as a result. When the town was overrun and everybody in it slaughtered, he happened to be out of the town running an errand for the Prince. He took the opportunity to draft up fake letters that acknowledged him as the legitimized bastard of the Prince's Uncle - distant enough to be believable, and the closest remaining "relative" who should inherit the throne. Now he's attempting to gather up an army, re-conquer the city, and take back his "rightful" place as a King. ~human @rogue%got framed for some minor embezzlement by his asshole brother, and is currently taking a sabbatical on the Material Plane trying to come up with a good idea to get back at him. ~tiefling @sorcerer%she was the unintended consequence of an affair between a tiefling and a human. She ran away from the orphanage when she first got the chance, stole to survive, eventually met the party bard and the two of them became each others family. Her actual blood relations are out there in the world, and it's gonna be fun when they show up. ~tiefling @rogue%serves the God of interpersonal relationships. I was raised by an antisocial wizard (who murdered my bandit lord mother due to having been sentenced to community service by a magical council). He grouchily took me in and taught me (almost) everything he knew, but I was always more physically inclined. Eventually he just vanished one day, and I went off to try to find him. I became a cleric after I read about a god I'd never heard of in his personal books, which I had previously been forbidden from reading. I chose to follow this god in my quest to find my father (cause despite my understanding of the circumstances of my birth, I consider him my real father). Little did I know, his disappearance was due to a successful experiment meant to elevate him to godhood, the god in the books was a complete fabrication meant to mislead rival wizards who might steal his books after his death, and he's the one who is granting me miracles. ~halfling @cleric%was a part of the military, after severing about sixty years in said military he was tired of all the bureaucratic bull shit it took to help people, and quit the military on good terms to travel the land and help the small villages himself as best as he could.All the while having a loving wife back home that he sent treasure back to along with letters. ~human @sorcerer%It would be something along the lines of he's a young dwarf that was living in kind of a slum type area with his mother. His father was a higher born dwarf from a respected family. His parents met secretly and he was conceived. The fathers family found out and banished the father leaving the mother with no means to support herself. When the child was old enough he started working under a smith that was kind enough to make him an apprentice. Eventually the mother became ill and any money the child made went towards caring for her. Eventually the mother passed away and the child signs on with a trader caravan as a guard receives minor training and sets out to possibly find his father. ~dwarf @fighter%an exiled prince/noble who's step mother dominated his father's mind for years, removed key members of his court through assassination or banishment. Then her eldest son killed my characters sister and framed his father. When my character confronted his father he was magically charmed/enraged and took his father's sword and killed him. When he was released from the charm he saw what he did to then see his step mother and three step brothers who gladly boast of what they have done and then call for the guards. My character then escapes with his father sword by jumping into the river. He is rescued by a paladin miles down the river who he goes with and trains to become a paladin. My character then takes the oath of vengeance to avenge his family. All the while he carries his father's sword with him but will never use it over the guilt of his actions and he is obsessively protective of it. He is also distrustful of arcane magic users and hates any form of mind domination spells like charm or dominate person. ~dragonborn @paladin%noble that doesn't want to be married off. Doesn't get along with her mother. Her father bought her an estate which she doesn't use ~elf @druid%tried to steal from the dean of a wizardry school. He took her in and taught her. Now she wonders about trying to unravel the mysteries of the stars. ~halfling @wizard%a reformed pirate that had his ship destroyed when they tried to steal from a ship containing religious relics. A dolphin saved him and he feed it. A druid noticed it and decided to help him find his way. ~human @druid%lived in a tree canopy for 8 years. She found a special flower growing on top of the tree that cures most diseases. She never told anyone its location for fear her home would be destroyed. ~elf @druid%forest was destroyed by a red dragon (favored enemy dragons). The only real twist is that he was raised by wolves, so he considers himself a 100 year old wolf. ~elf @ranger%Criminal with his buddies once broke into a small library run by some old men. "They are just some old farts, they probably won't even notice us!". Some traps and a few dead buddies later, he was approached by some monks and was offered a choice. There in a nameless monastery of a nameless order of shadow he got his new name Crowbar and a mission - to bring knowledge into the monastery. ~human @monk%raised within the orc kingdom (if you will) by his half-orc parents until a shift in leadership was leading to a return to the old ways and the slaughter of non-pure orcs. His family and several others who were either half-orcs or did not agree fled to form a new settlement on the outskirts where things get really wild.There were trade caravans that passed nearby so they'd often raid the traders to supplement the meager living they could manage in the crags. Then they raided the wrong caravan, slavers decimated them and either killed or enslaved everyone they came across. My character ended up being sold off to some bandits as a pit fighter. That's where he spent a lot of his child hood. Then a band of mercenaries were hired to wipe out the bandits and my character had two choices, go on his own or join the mercenaries. He chose the safety in numbers route. ~half-orc @fighter%mother had taught him to play the Lute before she died. So he was raised by a temple of Correlon where he learned to appreciate the "Light" in the world. So he turned his mothers Lute into his Battle-Lute(read spikey metal covered lute) and determined to combat darkness and spread the light wherever he could. ~half-elf @paladin%very go getting type of person. Always up for an adventure(I want to make this into a type of flaw, where my character is so quick to accept an adventure that he doesnt think about it), never turning a cheek. His parents were killed as an infant when his village was attacked. Luckily he was saved by someone, never able to figure out who, and since he was only a baby he doesn't really remember anything about the attack so his parents death never really bothered him. Growing up he was always told of legends and fairy tales of adventures, and how they slayed giant creatures no man would ever dare face. Because of this, he always dreamt of becoming an adventurer himself and trained to become one.Once he was of age(i think around 115 years old), he set for his own joirney to make a name for himself. Throughout the years he went on quests and missions, none to big just simple ones such as slay the goblins bothering the village or go fetch a sacred item stolen from a noble person. One day, while on a mission, he was betrayed by a man from his party and because of it everyone but the man who betrayed him and roy rogers himself survived. Because of this, he has trusting issues and has a very hard time telling anyone anyone of his past life. Fast foward a few years and he is at the same inn that everyone else that his future party(other players) are currently at, when a strangemen set them all on a quest that would change their lives for ever. ~elf @rogue%comes from the Frozen North where his chromatic Dragonborn clan roam. They are nomads with a thirst for adventure, music and grand tales. Unlike other chromatics, who tend to follow Tiamat and lean towards evil, Clan Korinth worships Bahamut and will attempt to thwart any of Tiamats plans, even if it means giving their own life. When not thwarting Tiamat, Clan Korinth tends keep to themselves, only going to dwarven, human and sometimes goliath settlements for trade. They do so, not out of mistrust for other races, but because they understand that not everyone is accepting of Chromatic Dragonborn.The reason for their worship of Bahamut and fighting against their own nature is due to the fact that in an age long past, when Tiamat last ruled the dragons, Clan Korinth was enslaved by her and her horde of dragons. The legend goes that it was by the grace of Bahamut that they were set free.Now Moxt is the first born son of one of the 6 elders of the clan, however this did not impact how others saw him, for a title and lineage does not hold much weight among his clan. In fact, due to his stunted stature (hes is only 5' 10"), most wrote him off as too weak and two little to be trained in the art of war and combat.When he was about 5 years old, his clan discovered a wounded Goliath, by the name of Roq Bonecleaver, lying face down in the snow while out hunting for food. He was brought back to their camp and was brought back to full health. Roq was so greatful that he pledged his life to serve the Clan, and now bears the mark of Bahamut on his chest. Most notably, he pledged his service to the Red Dragonborn who saved his life, Draaxis, Moxt's father.When Moxt was 6, some of the older Dragonborns younglings started to pick on Moxt and beat him. Roq, seeing this chased them away, and took his foster brother away from the camp. There, he began to teach Moxt how to defend himself and to channel the rage deep inside him as the Goliaths do, and even taught him how to seek guidance from the spirit of the wolf. They trained in secret for 6 years until they were discovered.When news reached the elders of Roq's "betrayal", he was brought to trial in front of the entire clan. Moxt, seeing this as a farce, named himself champion for Roq, trying to prove that even the smallest amongst them could become powerful. The elders agreed to this and pit Moxt against Nadarr, the clan's most powerful warrior. The fight was over in mere seconds as Moxt channeled his rage, howling like a wolf, and bringing Nadarr to his knees. Instead of killing Nadarr, Moxt showed mercy, saying "Only the strongest show mercy." He was 12 at the time.As the years past, Moxt grew even more powerful, and on the eve of his 14th birthday, he lead a group of warriors against a pack of dire wolves whom had been harrassing a nearby human village. He and his men slaughtered the dire wolves in their den, down to the last pup, and he himself was given the honor of slaying the Alpha. They brought back the meat and the pelts of the wolves, giving them to the villagers. The pelt of the Alpha, however, was gifted to Moxt who wears it across his shoulders.When he came of age at 15, he was given a greataxe by his father and sent off into the world for 10 years, as is the rite of passage for Clan Korinth. Two years have last since then. ~dragonborn @barbarian%daughter of a whore at the local brothel, learned it was easy to sleep with adventurers and steal their stuff when they were asleep after and leave before morning. Until she pissed off too many people in town and had to venture out. And not sleep with her companions. ~half-elf @rogue%can't remember much of his past but has decided that he is a famous sorcerer from stories he has heard. Actually he thinks that many stories about different people are all about him! So he's going around acting on other people's old grudges, introducing himself by different names, oblivious to the fact that he is actually one of the villains one of the sorcerers he thinks he is has defeated. ~human @sorcerer%came from a family of librarians (who are still alive working in a temple archive) but she decided that she would actually go and study some of these lost ruins in person instead of just reading about them in books. She got her powers when she was exploring an old elven temple and she was sworn to serve tytania. She was then sent to a steam punk (more Tesla then steam punk but you get the point) city where weird shit is going on. So you got a 19 year old bookworm turned archeologist who now has to stop an invasion of an elder god ~half-elf @warlock%Bastard child, born from a victim of an orc raid/rape, but still managed to fit into the community, due to his half-orc physique and his grandfather's status as high-priest. Well, grandfather died! So, my warlock made a deal with a devil to bring him back, and in exchange hunt for artifacts for said devil! ~half-orc @warlock%Horace grew up with his adopted family. The one he calls his parents are owners of a jewelry store and live a pretty simple life. His parents could not have any children of their own and so when, one day, a baby showed up on their doorstep with a note "Please love and care for me!", they were overwhelmed with joy. While his parents are only human it was clear Horace had some Elven blood in him as he had ears with pointed tips and easily picked up the language from local Elven children. One day a thief attempted to rob the store and Horace stopped the thief with a ray the spewed frost. As time crept by other traits began to appear, such as tiny white scales on his body, and other magical powers. His parents advised him to take a journey to discover his true origins. Thus Horace took his first steps into adventure. ~elf @sorcerer%His patron tricked him into almost releasing it into the material plane, causing a cataclysm he'd had a kind of vision about at the start and spent the whole campaign trying to prevent. After the threat was dealt with he became a recluse, terrified of his former patron, and went about learning Draconic Sorcery from a dragon he'd met and befriended in the campaign. ~dragonborn @sorcerer%if anyone asks he claims he's from [insert neighbouring kingdom name here] which is probably why you've never heard of him, but he's here making ties, establishing connections for his family; would you be interested? ~tiefling @sorcerer%joined a troupe as a tumbler, actor and dancer. The troupe consisted of four halflings and a gnome, and frequently faced violent hecklers. My character often played swordfighters and decided to hit two birds with one stone by actually learning how to fight from a similarly dextrous and lightfooted wood elf. His roles became more convincing, and the group found themselves a bodyguard. He periodically left the troupe to receive more training, and since the last time they have dissappeared. He is now travelling the world looking for them, with only a poem as a clue. ~halfling @fighter%a big pile of dumb muscle who wanted to prove himself more worthy of inheriting his father's title so he sailed away from his home island to the sword coast to perform mighty deeds worthy of being put into song. He would disguise himself as a bard and sing about his own deeds under the name Barnjorn. His family was very much alive and happy and the only thing he had going for him was being good at swinging and ax. His motivation was being rich and famous. ~human @barbarian%raised on a pirate ship by her "mother" (who she is actually a younger clone of) and her crew until her powers manifested and she went a little crazy. She has since grounded herself and is training to become more in control. The two keep in touch via their co-owned Parrot familiar. ~human @sorcerer%She lived with her granny until the oldie fell ill. Now she's adventuring to earn enough money to pay for granny's meds. Her ambition is to start up a security company called Chubb Security ~halfling @rogue%After being teased for his brown hair and short stature for years, he ran away. Ended up getting lost in the expansive wilderness and practiced the magic he learned from the spirits of the forest. He always longs to go back home, but 60 years later he's aware he never could. ~half-elf @warlock%from a city of chromatics lead by chromatic dragons. She left so she could pursue a career in archaeology. At least that is what tshe tells the party. She really wants to find the Book of Vile Darkness, Hand and Eye of Vecna, and the Sword of Kas to become a powerful lich. ~dragonborn @bard%Orphaned when her parents were murdered in front of her 4 year old face. Her problem isn't so much with the murderers, but with the deeply corrupt constabulary which forgot all about her when the noble had a bauble stolen. She hates the nobility on a deep level. ~elf @bard%exiled from his herd for mercy killing his deathly ill brother. He was beaten within an inch of his life for disgracing the tribe and left for dead. Some travelling slavers found the mass of rippling muscle and saw profit in him. They patched him up and sold him off.An uprising took place and he had a heavy hand in dispatching the guards to make his escape. Now, he travels with some of the slaves he escaped with and hopes to one day earn his place back in his tribe and avenge his brother. (The sickness was not natural) ~half-orc @barbarian%he was an assassin from that settings equivalent of Arabia, and was mainly employed by the various Sheikhs and Emirs in the area to do rather obvious things. He was employed by the Sultan to kill a particularly troublesome noble, but he screwed up badly, and ended up leading a trail back to the Sultan, who proceeded to blame my character. My rogue promptly fled to foreign lands, and occasionally had various schmucks from his homeland attempting to kill him through the course of that campaign. ~human @rogue%played a harp made of fish bone and swore up and down that he was born at the epicenter of all creation ~human @bard%his entire village disappeared one day alongside most of his memories. He can still remember the abstract, he remembers Titania giving him his power, he remembers his humble gnome village, but he can't remember names or face and he's remembering less and less everyday. He's deadset on finding out what happened to his people and why he can't remember them before he forgets that he's even looking for them. ~gnome @warlock%He would be well groomed in fine clothes and speak in a highborn tone but still be respectful. His barbarian ways would manifest in the form of a very hot firey temper. Part of his intention to becoming an adventurer is to see the world and learn to either calm or channel his temper in a postive way. The only way his noble family allowed him to enter into the world was on the condition that he be accompanied by 2 retainers to assist him and relay messages to his family. ~human @barbarian%he was part of a noble eleven family, but due to her half-breededness, her father made her a servant, while her full Elven sister was a born sorceress. Her whole family wielded magic while she was born with only the power to persuade people (high charisma) and eventually she got fed up. She went into the woods and found a mysterious patron who offered her the magic she always wanted if she killed her family, and so with her new powers she murdered them all, but realizing what the implications of this was, she fled. Now she keeps her new magic in her emerald focus around her neck and she uses her powers of enchantment and persuasion to make people work for her, making herself a self-made unofficial noble. Her goal is to one day become the queen she always desired, enchanting whoever gets in her way of her neutral evil self. She's not crazy, just pragmatic, and wants to keep peace, so long as it's her peace! ~elf @warlock%72 year old alzheimers addled human who had his teaching license at a prestigious magical academy revoked for casting spells on the children. His wife was a half orc on the board of trustees that decided who got tenure (the reason he married her) and they had several children none of which he claimed to like. After his wife's mysterious death and his suspect of the crime, of which he was found innocent, he resolved himself to a life of adventure. ~human @wizard%Rowan’s father Arthur was a great knight who had earned his spurs for valor in war. He was lord of a small keep with a wife and children at the time he abandoned his old life.Travelling through the forest at sunset in summer as a ponderously large moon rose he stumbled upon a circle of dancers from the realm of the faerie. Enchanted, he left the land of men without a second thought and was brought by the dancers to the Feywild.The Elf that brought Arthur to the twilight realm took him as a lover, and to their union Rowen was born. Rowen never truly met his father – by the time Rowen was a child, his father had been placed in an enchanted sleep so he would not age.Every few years Rowen’s mother would wake Arthur and take him to a great celebration. They would dance wildly for days with the courts through the forests of the twilight realm. When the festivities were ended, Arthur would be returned to sleep.He lay hidden beneath the largest tree in a wild dale. While Rowen had never been introduced to Arthur he had visited – and looked on his father’s face to see his half-open eyes not recognize him. Very rarely Arthur’s limp jaw would move as he lay beneath the oak tree and Rowen heard him speak single words – “when,” “morning,” “horse” or “dance.”Rowan quickly outgrew the other elves of his cohort. His manners were poor for his apparent age and his human features made him unpopular in the twilight realm.He was cast out and returned to the world of men.Rowen lived by his wits on the streets of Capital City. He begged and he stole with experience that one could not believe a young child could possess. As indeed he was not – by that time he was closer to twenty years of age.Life in Capital City seemed brutal ugly and dull compared to the magical world Rowen remembered from his youngest childhood, and as soon as he came to be grown he sought to return to the twilight realm.As a young man he searched through the forests to find the various mushroom circles that could serve as portals, but the fairy rings would not open to him. Many times he thought he saw the elves dancing and laughing in the distance, but whenever he approached he found nought but shadows, the sound of wind in the leaves and the faint scent of summer herbs.The sun was rising after a long night of searching the woods half-lost and Rowen had nearly given up all hope when he found them. He came upon the summer court.The elven ladies and princes were beautiful beyond description but their expressions turned from joy to sternness and contempt as Rowen came towards them. The music, dance and laughter all halted.In the center, Titania Queen of the Summer Court turned to him and spoke to him with a voice filled with rage “Can you not tell that you are not wanted here? Foolish mortal why do you continue to seek us out?”Rowen stammered out his answer and the beautiful queen’s laughter was like a hurricane clearing in a single moment to reveal a blue sky. Titania turned to Rowen’s mother who admitted shamefaced that this interloper was her son.Titania spoke again to Rowen “you are not wanted here” but her tone was gentle and she smiled at him. “If you wish to return to us go first to the land across the sea” she gestured to her attendants – Rowen was given a well-balanced rapier with the face of a fairy dragon on the hilt and dressed in armour scaled with steel the texture of autumn leaves.The music the dance and the laughter started again and in moments the court had disappeared.Rowen traveled to Port City and booked the first ship available with the Adventurer’s Guild. ~half-elf @warlock%Despite working with a good party, he's still selfish and kind a dick, but understands from living in Drow society that it's impractical to be evil. Eventually after the self-destruction of his own city he survived to flee onto the surface to become a criminal mastermind. He travels collecting relics and hoarding them in a vault to prevent people who would abuse them to the detriment of the world. You know, the thing he lives on. I came up with a half-orc fighter with Amnesia, i've been wanting to play. He travels doing good for all he can with his mangy mut. Everyone hates him at first for some reason especially paladins. He has amnesia is because a couple years ago he was a BBEG anti-paladin. In the final fight with some heroes, he was cast off a cliff and "died". He survived barely with brain damage and amnesia. All he knows is he feels guilty of something and wants to change the world for the better. He hides his face behind his helmet to avoid being attacked by towns folks and his only friend is his dog. ~elf @rogue%roast his entire clan alive with a dragon. Now he has one purpose and thats to destroy dragons, yet he just wants to fight shit and get glowy flamey weapons like he does EVERY character. ~elf @barbarian%Vincent Caol, the youngest of five human children, had to scrounge for food and clothes just to survive. He was a frail young man, and the smallest of his family. He was always pushed around and it pushed him to try and enlist in the military or the guard. Unfortunately, due to his lack of muscles and strength, he was sent away. A drunken mercenary overheard him lamenting about his troubles and decided it would be worth a laugh to try and see if he could survive even a week. He took him on and, to make it seem like it wasn’t a joke, informed his fellows to seem like they were going to train him. They "taught" him how to use a great sword and heavy armor, much to their great delight. After a few hilarious weeks, they started to grow tired of his fumbles and stopped humoring him. The leader of the mercs had recently heard of a great treasure, but it was trapped with a devastating curse. He finally saw use for the young scrawny man. They tracked the treasure and fought their way through the abandoned island to a dark cavern. They sent in Vincent to retrieve the treasure, certainly dooming him. However, instead of finding dangers, Vincent was able to walk down the cavern with his unearned confidence. Finding an old broken door, he entered a dimly lit room, a small hole in the ceiling allowing light to flow through. In the center of the room was a solid sapphire mask, in the shape of a dragon. Vincent, wanting to be the first to do something for once, took the mask and slid it over his face. It was at that moment that Vincent ceased to exist as he was. Memories and information burned into his mind, his bones cracked and his skin tore. His head conformed to the shape of the mask. The pain was so intense that he was unable to even scream. Seconds melted into minutes and after what felt like an eternity, the monstrosity stood. He grabbed the great sword Vincent struggled to carry and easily hefted it in one hand. With a smile and a hunger that had not been sated for centuries, Skorn walked towards the smell of human flesh, chuckling as he twirled the sword. ~dragonborn @fighter%Waterdhavian Noble's Bastard whose step-father loathes him, and as he begins rising in the ranks of the army and gaining recognition, panics and enters into a pact with Malkizid (fallen solar who hates elves) to curse the character and cause him to destroy his comrades (possessed by Malk). The remnants of Malkizid's power have granted him the powers of a warlock. So his reason for adventuring is a self-exile and a quest to learn what the hell happened to him and his brothers in arms. ~half-elf @fighter%the twin of the burgermaster's henchman, niece to the evil diabolist lady. She was taken to Sigil by the Vistani, where she grew up. Their bard turns out to BE Vistani, so Strahd is trying to turn him to his side. ~tiefling @sorcerer%his unit was sent to investigate a series of attacks and were wiped out by werewolves. did not notice the signs of werewolf activity in the reports and neglected to outfit the troop with silver weapons. ~human @fighter%When I was a child my parents were killed by a mysterious stranger who left behind an amulet with the symbol of a scorpion on it. ~human @fighter%A presence filled the room, and a voice appeared in Balasar’s head, saying simply, “read… and know me.” Suddenly he found himself able to read these arcane texts, scouring them until he had read all he could. Through his studies he learned what the voice was, an ancient purple dragon, potentially the first of the race, who had seen the creation of Bahamut and Tiamat, and even the conception of the elemental plane. Through his reading, Balasar found a ritual that could temporarily summon the consciousness of this being, and so he made a pact with it, that it would imbue Balasar with power, however, his patron gave him a task: learn its name. ~human @warlock%He's a criminal enforcer in a local gang who also wrestles, though he often is the fall guy who gets defeated by humans and even once, a halfling. His antics includes throwing rocks at his opponents and smashing stones on his head.On a job where he had to collect protection money, he roughed up an antique seller who fled,leaving behind a dusty demonic icon. He rubbed off the dust and this awoke the being inside the medallion, which promised him powers. Az'zak, down on his luck, shrugged and agreed.Az'zak didn't feel very different. He thought it was just another trick. However, the icon did grant him powers, but it just isn't apparent to Az'zak. When he uses his eldritch blast, what is visible aren't rays but pieces of rock that he pulls out from a big pouch on his belt - he calls it his pouch of endless rocks. His hex is his usual cursing and taunting of opponents; his true strike is his pointing and telling his foes "YOU GOING DOWN!" The icon regrets granting Az'zak his power but a deal's a deal... ~half-orc @warlock%Fell in love with a disguised archfey and willingly gave her his soul (she gave him powers because she figured it would be amusing). Since he doesn't quite understand how pacts work, he sees himself as a cleric of a love goddess and all his attacks are love-themed (pink hearts for Eldritch Blast, walks into a giant red rose that closes then un-grows into a seed for D-Door, magical girl transformation for disguise self, etc) ~elf @warlock